good afternoon. uh, i am opening up the regular meeting of the board of trustees for mount san antonio college today, wednesday, september 10, 2025. item 1.02, confirmation of the closed session agenda. this is um we are removing item 3.02, which is an appeal of the administrative determination from discrimination complaint pursuant to government code 54957 and title 5

california regulation section 59338 from the close session agenda because the complaintant re withdrew their appeal today. the board therefore will no longer consider the appeal and the district's administrative determination will stand as the final determination. at this time, the board of trustees is going to listen to communications from the public on matters that are on the close

session agenda and the board will not permit any comments on items that are not listed on the close session agenda. so, uh we have one public comment. so, uh, we are calling up dr. hershel greenberg. good afternoon, dr. greenberg. all right. hello, board of trustees, president garcia, and student trustee when she arrives. um, we are done with

i want to give a very special thank you to soa and alexis for working closely with the fa the last few weeks in order to bring negotiations to a close. i also want to thank the rest of the district team. that is tammy back there. thank you, tammy. uh lance, cooji, kelly, and adam. it is been a

pleasure working with all of them. the rapid pace in which we worked to close negotiations required multiple emails, phone calls, text messages, emergency meetings. sometimes they were all at the same time and multiple times within a day. while we are glad negotiations are over, it is worth noting that the pressure to close negotiations ramped up this kind

of communication. as we move into a new negotiation cycle, the fa wants to see this kind of invigoration from the district from the start. if we want to meet whatever deadline we set for next year, let us get some very clear, logical proposals written from day one so they can begin negotiated and approved as quickly as possible.

also, i get a sense that there is going to be a theme for negotiations during the next cycle. and i want to talk a little about that. um, the country is going through a sort of what i call an existential crisis. and if any of you just looked at the news, um, that continues to this very moment.

um, and i believe this sense of dread is affecting our students. imagine you are a student today and you wake up to the news. you wake up to new laws, new rules, new policies, new guidelines, new acts of violence. and this affects who you are, your family, your work, your career, and your education. i want to emphasize

that mount sack needs to continue to be a safe place for students um where they can find support and solace in this everchanging world. faculty and staff need to continue to be empathetic and professional in order to give students the keys to success. and i want to ask that you keep this in mind when we enter the

next cycle of negotiations. finally, uh you have heard me ask quite a few times and so i am going to ask one more time that lead negotiators have additional time to give you important updates and important information regarding negotiations. i know i have 29 seconds left, which is three minutes, but i am requesting that lead negotiators have

five to seven. you should see what i leave on the junk pile of my word documents that i cannot share with you because i do not have time. and i think that information is valuable. and moving forward, i am requesting you would consider allowing us to have five to seven minutes to give you that valuable information. um,

it is an important part of the context for negotiations. so, thank you very much for your time. thank you very much. at this time, uh, the board will adjourn to close session to discuss the following close session items. 3.01, 01 which is conference with labor negotiator uh chief negotiators soan csea 651 csea 262 the faculty association dr.

martha mc garcia management and confidential employees and also 3.03 3 public employee performance evaluation of the president and ceo. at this time we are moving into close session. [music] all right. [music] heat. heat. [music] how do you feel? [music] heat. heat. [music] heat. heat. [music] spider-man. [music] heat. heat. [music] right. [music] heat. heat. [music] heat. heat. [music]

heat. hey, okay. hey. [music] check. check. one, two. [music] testing. all right. good evening, ladies and gentlemen. if i can have your attention. if i can have your attention, please. [music] [applause] bye. [applause] [music] heat. heat. [music] turn it up. [music] let us go around. [music] good evening. we will now begin our uh regular board meeting. where

is my gavl? i am calling the meeting to order. and uh i'd like to start um this evening's meeting by giving consideration and acknowledgement to the gabrielino tongva peoples as the traditional land caretakers of tongvagar. i want to ask that we pay our respects to the honuk vitam ancestors, the ihum elders, and the eiohinkim, our relatives, relations,

past, present, and emerging. on the agenda, we are now at item 4.01, the flag salute. uh, dr. soka song, would you lead us in the bag flag i pledge algiance to the flag of the united states of america and to the republic for it stands nationy and justice for all. thank you, dr. song. i'd like to report

of any action taken during the close session. item 4.02 and those would be um item 3.01 01 conference with labor negotiators uh pursuant to government code and that which included the chief negotiator soa csea 651 csea 262 the faculty association dr. martha garcia management and confidential employees there was no action taken item 3.03 03 public employee performance

evaluation uh regarding the president and ceo. there was no action taken. we are now moving on to item 4.03 on the agenda which is con confirming the agenda uh approval for the agenda for today uh september 10, 2025. dr. garcia, are there any corrections to the agenda? there is one. okay. the correction is action item 9.06. it

is resolution 25-02, the appropriations limit for fiscal year 2526. the correction is that the first paragraph, the last sentence dollar amount should read 287,820 i am sorry, it should read 287,820,428. so with that um we will now move on to item number 5.01 and that is our recognitions. oh, here it is. it is in my back pocket.

all right. good evening. now, uh we want to talk about um the athletic year that we had here at mount sack. and this is an athletic year that will go into the history books under the direction of our dean joe jennum. his leadership, our coaches, our staff, they really delivered something extraordinary this year. not only did they

uh they represent, but for the second time in the history of mount sack, we captured a significant award and that is the learfield director's cup. let us give a round of applause to that. [applause] you are probably wondering what the heck a learfield director's club cup is and why are we why are we we clapping about it?

well, that cup represents the fact that officially we are the number one community college athletics program, not in california, not in the western states. we are the number one athletic program in the united states throughout and because uh you know one crown is not enough for our mounties, we claimed not only the uh lefield director's cup, but

we claimed the ron case cup for the 12th consecutive year, scoring a record shattering 193 points for the 3c2a championships. we secured the south coast conference supremacy award, which was for the 15th straight year, and we racked up an unprecedented 17 conference titles. let us give it up again for our i'd like to uh acknowledge our um

athletic director and the man, the myth, the legend. let me think turn things over to you. well, thank you. yes. and i have our associate dean, associate athletic director tammy not silva here as well in addition to our collection of amazing coaches and staff behind us. um it was a special year, a historic year and we are

very very proud of that. our coaches, our student athletes, our support staff that that contributed to the uh amazing year that we had this season. uh but today is about thank yous as well and we want to start by thanking dr. garcia for her uh commitment to us and certainly her presence at our events and contests. we

know uh it was very special for our coaches and our student athletes and staff to see you there. so, we really appreciate you being there and being part of that. and our board of trustees, thank you. we know that you are very busy, but your leadership and your vision of our excellence and the commitment you make to

our students and our programs is certainly something that we we recognize and acknowledge. and and i i have to say thank you to dr. fowler for our uh uh outstanding support for our programs and your commitment again to our students and our our faculty and staff. it is certainly something that uh we do notice and do appreciate.

but to the campus community at large, the faculty, the administration, the classified professionals, you directly and indirectly contribute to this award and this honor and all the success that our student athletes and our coaches and our programs achieve. and so, in essence, this is a college award. this is something that we want to say thank you to

everyone. and we really appreciate all of the support that we get from all of you. so, thank you on behalf of our athletics department. we appreciate it. and then i just want to briefly um and you do have a packet with all the highlights of such an amazing year. and then the other thing is we will be

doing another celebration most likely during one of our football halftime shows. so we will make sure to get that information to you. and last but not least and and you already had mentioned it already, board of trustees. um without the leadership of joe jennum, none of this is possible. so i could speak for the staff, faculty, coaches.

you are amazing and to be a part of it along with you has been such a great year. so thank you very much. everybody. really appreciate it. congratulations. all right. this time we are going to move on to um item 5.02 and that is the introduction of newly appointed employees. um we have uh a number of new

employees and what i'd like to do is introduce those who i believe are present and if they want to just briefly make some comments, we would be delighted to hear from you. under the classified employees area, we have a new hire, carlos lopez, who is in our rising scholars program as a project program specialist. welcome, carlos. hello

everybody. um, it is an honor to be here. um, uh, it is honor to be part of institution that has supported me in my personal and academic journey. um, i i will now serve as a program specialist with rising scholars. i support formerly incarcerated students uh through mentorship uh advocacy and uh resources and connect them to educational

resources. uh i am a firstg student. i am alumni of mount sack after 18 years coming back to my community. uh i returned for education through mount sack where i found a sense of belonging. i am now at cal state fullerton completing my undergrad in human services projected to 2026 spring. and thank you. congratulations. welcome aboard. we

are honored and so proud to have you, bro. manil. um, we also want to extend a warm welcome to maria valdez who is in our foundation as an administrative specialist. i do not know if uh maria is here. i do not think she is. but we also want to extend a warm welcome to in to uh paola

alas martinez in dual enrollment who is our project program specialist. i do not know if uh paola is here but uh i do not think she is. so now we also want to um welcome these would be our new faculty. okay. awesome. uh you know earlier this evening we we held for those of you who are watching

online we held a really wonderful reception just before the board meeting started and uh you know we are just thrilled to have and welcome down welcome um to our home uh these brand new faculty. i know that we have faculty who have uh who have chosen mount sack when they lived in west virginia and they chose us.

uh we have um people who who left the cal state university system from cal state long beach and they chose mount sack and the stories continue on and on. and so, you know, the fact that our i can speak on behalf of my board colleagues. we know that you as professors change our students lives and they keep

telling us over and over that it was your class professor that changed my life and because of that we are so thrilled about the thousands of people that you are going to touch and change their lives in special ways. so with that we want to welcome a new group of professors who are about to spark that same

fire for thousands of other students. and let us welcome in the arts division um we have uh our professor of music and he is i believe our band leader. let us welcome walter simson. and walter, you know, we are counting on you to make sure that our students do not just hit the right notes, but they also

find their own rhythm in life. there we go. good evening everybody. i am john vulo, the associate dean of arts and it is my pleasure to introduce to you dr. walter simson. um, he'll tell you a lot about himself, but i think you are going to find it very exciting. good evening and thank you for this opportunity.

my name is walter simson. i am serving as the new director of athletic bands and jazz studies here at mount sack. i want to first begin by thanking dean john vatouya who his encouragement along with department chair uh karen marston for their guidance in building this. i would also like to express my gratitude to the assistant director

of the marching man and all-star adjunct instructor matt almire for his continued support and efforts. uh president garcia and this board of trustees for your vision and support of the arts and my new colleagues who have already been so welcoming. your commitment to the college and the students are inspiring. for over 20 years, i have been fortunate

to serve as a professional trumpet player, composer, arranger, and educator. my career has taken me from high school to college programs to the national stage with drumcore international and wintergard international. and i have had the privilege of helping build ensembles from the ground up. each of those experiences has prepar prepared me for this moment, and i can

honestly say this is my dream job. what makes mount sack so special is its mission to access and excellence. this is a place where students of all backgrounds and experiences can come together, discover their voice, and be part of something larger than themselves. the marching man embodies that spirit. it is a melting pot of our entire community

where students with many years of experience stand shoulder-to-shoulder with those picking up instruments for the first time. together, they learn, they grow, and they create something that none of us could do alone. i am humbled to lead this effort. and i am eager to see the marching man become a visible symbol of pride for this college. i

look forward to working alongside my colleagues and to seeing you at events across campus as we continue to celebrate and support this remarkable community. also, i believe that dean was put a bunch of stickers out for you guys that you can check out too that were made that were made by our own students here at mount sack.

so, we are keeping it all in the thing. but, i'd like to thank you all very much for this opportunity and i appreciate the time. great. thank you. welcome, professor simson. all right, in the uh humanities and social sciences division, first up is professor of communications, aaron fulman. is aaron here? hey, aaron, welcome. aaron is uh you

know, communications is everything. so, we hope that your students will leave class knowing how to win any argument, respectfully, of course. so, turning it over to you. yeah. no, you are good. i am dr. carolynities and social sciences. we have dr. here to support and take it away. yeah. all right. uh hello everybody. um again, my name

is aaron fulman. um i just got hired here to uh take over one of the full-time tenure track positions here in communication studies. um this is my 13th year of teaching. i am a southern california native. um, i spent the last decade or so working at different institutions between california and the midwest. um, and when i first

applied for this job, much like anyone who is applying for a job, you try to do due diligence to make sure that you say the right things in the room. and, uh, there was, uh, a quotation that came to mind when i first started doing research for this job. um, it was from a movie that came out

in the early 2000s called acceptance that was about a guy who was trying to find his place in the world and could not find the right college for himself, so he made his own. um, and there is a line in that movie that says that there are so few truths in this world that when you see one,

you know it. and when going through and doing due diligence for the job, despite having been at other colleges and universities, i saw a campus and a faculty and a set of staff and a board and a community that cared. and i spent the last 13 years learning how to reall in love with education. and every year

the students make that job so much easier. and when i was doing doing research and looking around on this campus, it was very clear that our goals aligned and i wanted nothing but to nothing more than to be part of a college whose uh ethos and identity and passion overlapped with mine. so, when coming to apply for

the job, um it was a tremendous honor to be offered the position. and in just three weeks, it is very clear that not only is this a place that i feel welcomed and supported, but i am surrounded by colleagues who care about students in the way that i do, and i am so honored and blessed to be

here. i am very excited to be here and um i am very proud to say that i am happy to set up roots and to call mount san antonio college my home. so, thank you so much for the opportunity. thank you. welcome. next up is our own sylvia tosskano who is a professor in ethnic studies. holaardes. um,

want to thank everybody that is here, especially my family that is supporting me in the other room. for those watching, my name is dr. silia tosskano. my pronouns are she, her, and aya. what being employed at mount sack means to me is coming full circle. we have a 40-year history in my family connected to mount sack. starting

with my mom who is in the other room. she was a non-traditional student and uh was a housewife for 10 18 years or so and then decided to go back. so it was between mount sack and citrus college and i was that little girl that would sit with her in class and get chips out of the vending

machine and all of that. so i witnessed how she gained empowerment and how she gained independence and also workplace skills that made a significant contribution to our household income. and she later became a preschool teacher in basset and hassienda heights and is still subbing there to this day. um i came here and attended uh after graduating from

ballen park high school and so i attended here from 93 to 96 and then transferred to cal state la. i have then gone on to earn several degrees including a doctoral degree in chana chico studies from uc santa barbara in 2016. my 26-year-old daughter also attends mount sack. she is uh finishing up her time in vette. so,

i am very grateful for the opportunity to share um from my academic, professional, and lived experiences. i look forward to continued support from all of you to continue edifying and empowering programs and resources for our student um students and community, especially those who are most marginalized. and it means a lot to me that i have been welcomed

here with open arms. places like the equity center, um, el centro, the pride center, they have really welcomed me in ways that, um, go beyond and above my expectations. so, i am very grateful for the opportunity. much thank you so much. um, next up as part of dr. uh carolyn hoover's team is sarah quan who is our

professor in communications. sarah, are you here? there you are. you know the shortest distance between uh two people is good a good story. so we expect that from you right now. good evening members of the board, dr. garcia and everyone who took time to be here. we are so grateful to have you here. thank you. what does

working at mount sack mean to me? first and foremost, it is an opportunity to look back at my 18-year-old self, an immigrant first generation esl student who did not know how much she had to offer until she came to the community college. when i got hired here, i reflected on all the steps of my full circle journey.

and i truly allowed myself to feel proud, which is not something i allowed myself to do often as an asian student growing up struggling with the pressures of the model minority myth. now, as a full-time faculty at mount sack, i not only have a chance to become the transformational cc teacher that i needed and was blessed myself

to find, but to strive to become even more, to be even better, my students first point of contact to everything our school has to offer. to be their safe space, to be their point of access to intergenerational mentoring as i stand on the shoulders of my mentors and elevate my students even higher to be their fellow first

generation college student just years ahead learning with them. an opportunity to be part of the mount sack family means that i get to have a job where the work is never finished but always worth it. and where yes, we get to care about our academic freedoms and our work life balance and our lhs and other great things,

but most of all, we get to care about our students. and where that labor of love is something that is never done alone, but always in community and in solidarity, supported by our colleagues, our wonderful deans and division staff, and of course supported by the pillars of our mountsack community, our strong college leadership, and our board of

trustees. i am so proud to be a mount sack faculty, and i look forward to the next 30 years. thank you so much for welcoming us. congratulations. welcome, professor quan. all right, next up, um, in the same humanities and social sciences division is our professor, professor of asianamerican studies, and that is brahas rudrau. i hope i got

that right, professor. maybe not. very close. okay, very close. well, welcome. we we are so thrilled you are here and you know that um your course will remind our students that every voice and every story matters. so welcome. thank you so much for that lovely introduction and welcome um to the board of trustees and everyone gathered here

today. thank you so much for having me. my name is prahas for the raju. i use they them theirs pronouns and i am extremely pleased to meet you and very thankful for your approval of my hire. um like my colleague dr. michael vasquez who will be introducing himself shortly. i joined mount sack actually back in february 2025

and so i have had a full semester here under my belt. i have taught at sea sun. i have taught at ucla and i have to say that out of all of these schools, my students at mount sack have been the most engaged and warm and curious and enthusiastic about their learning. i am proud to introduce myself

to you as the first and only for now professor of asian-american and pacific islander studies here at mount sack. i come to you as a scholar of the field of asian-american studies for the past 11 years who began my journey in ethnic studies at the college of william and mary in southern virginia, which is my home state.

as a teenager and young adult, i was part of a coalition of students and faculty members who created the field of asian and pacific islander american studies at my school in 2016 to create an academic home for an overlooked and underserved population of asian-americans and pacific islanders at our school. asian-american studies helped to teach us that we

belong. and if that date sounds familiar to you all, that is um you know, this was essentially what connected me to mount sack and what made me know that this was the place for me. um but in 2016 is when at mount sack the efforts to create ethnic studies began. um so i feel very connected to the

lineage here, even though i was all the way across the country in southern virginia. as a young brown south asian-american growing up in post 911 america, asian-american studies helped me to understand my unique and often difficult racial position in this country. as an instructor, i feel blessed to impart this knowledge upon my students. asian-american and pacific islander

studies means learning the erased histories of significant communities in the united states and their ongoing lived experiences, whether you are aapi or not. for my mount sack students, it means that i want them to not just learn about these erased histories, but also to build solidarities and connections to the communities around us. supporting and serving minoritized student

populations has been at the core of my mission that i have undertaken since entering the workforce in 2017. in my roles as youth worker and nonprofit educator at asian-american lead and the human rights campaign, i bring not only expertise in the content of asian-american and pacific islander studies, but also the heart of community support and liberation, which

all translates to healing centered engagement that is central to ethnic studies. and i also bring years of supporting youth and young adult populations as well as all ages learners. that is so important when it comes to our mission in the community colleges. thank you for your time and thank you for your trust. thank you. welcome. and we

cannot uh forget the man who i got to meet at commencement, dr. michael angel vasquez. welcome our professor of ethnic studies. and i know, doctor, that uh the work that you are doing is going to help our students see the world through new eyes. and and that right there is priceless. so, gracias. um, so dear dr. garcia

and board members ovasi, dr. vaka, dr. yalgo, chen, chan, hagari, chiao, yidalgo, and santos. uh, my name is dr. michael anores vasquez. i use heim pronouns and i am a proud new member of the ethnic studies faculty here at mount sack. it is an honor to be a part of this community since i have always had a

relationship to this campus. three of my siblings and various cousins have walked these same hallways. i grew up and went to high school just up grand avenue, so many of my peers have also studied here. and now i am happy to h and now i am happy to say that i am finally also able to walk these

same hallways. i want to share that my few months here have been incredible. i have had an unbelievably warm welcome by my students and fellow staff and faculty. i want to give a special shout out to senior ethnic studies faculty namely larry mcdaniel, erin salinger, and april theus, as well as my deans, dr. hoover and dr. faren,

and my peers leading the faculty association for their mentorship and advocacy. i also want to recognize cbcs, dream, the pride center, arise, next up reach, the first people's native center, el centro, the multicultural center, and other equity focused programs for their wonderful work. i do hope that this board understands and builds upon the necessary labor to ensure

that this campus remains an affirming and welcoming environment for all in spite of the external messages. um, i i know that we all want our students and our faculty and staff to be housed, fed, healthy, educated, safe, and cared for in the way we all that they know they deserve to be. and it is these programs that

have provided those services to those uh individuals. now, a little bit about me. i just finished my phd in education at harvard university. thank you. i am a proud mexican-american scholar and i am the first generation to graduate from high school, the first in my immediate family to earn a degree, and the first in my extended family

to receive an advanced degree. uh that is all thank you to my amazing parents vasquez who right there. [applause] prior to my graduate studies, i was a high school science teacher, a nonprofit director, a researcher on immigration education, and i was also a graduate instructor on themes related to latinx studies, gender and sexuality, and healing centered engagement.

i have always been a strong advocate for ethnic studies, and i am moved by mount sak's vision for our growing field. thank you for the opportunity to join this field, and i look forward to expanding this area of study because, as you all know, it has the capacity to not only open minds and hearts, but also promote

systemic change. so, much gracias, thank all right, moving on to our natural sciences division. our dean tammy tamayo. is she here or or forgive me? jimmy, forgive me. jimmy, yes. it is good evening everyone. associate in natural sciences. and it is my pleasure to introduce becky ratabar, our new technology professor, who is also our director for the

new technology bachelor's degree. welcome. thank you. um i am becky. um and i am the one that drove all the way here from west virginia. uh it took me four days with me and my cat, but we made it. okay. and i am quite thankful to be here. so, i want to thank the board and um my

natural science division for welcoming me here. it is been an honor. um i had something written, but i have just decided to kind of go off the cuff and and wing it. i also want to thank cara pal. um if any of you do not know cara, she is our biggest champion, the new faculty. um so, she

is uh kind of taught us all what to say and how to present ourselves today. so, that was a big help. she she threatened to uh beat us up if we did not do it justice. um anyway, as i said, i came from west virginia and i am just happy to be here. so i i know i

have some big shoes to fill with this technology program and i just cannot wait to um to make everybody proud. um i came to mount sack for very selfish reasons. um my wife and i did not feel safe in west virginia, the climate anymore. um, and so i looked in california for a job and we also looked

in new york for a job. i got the job in california. she got the job in new york. so we are living by coastal. but the main thing is is that we both feel safe and loved. and i just want to thank everybody for welcoming me. and my students and my faculty members that i work with have

been nothing but an added bonus to be here. so thank you. awesome. welcome. and i know, becky, that even though um you know, science they say it is all in the stars, it is really sometimes the smallest cells that change lives, right? so, so welcome. um and i know i do not think um professor priscilla olen luna

is here, but she is the professor of astronomy and and so gracias. a apologies for the error. uh dean tamayo. all right. next and last is our in our technology and health division and our dean lance herd is here. and our first guest is samantha fragoso. welcome samantha. and she is a professor in radiologic technology. dean, good

evening. i am lancer, dean of technology and health. i am very very proud to introduce professor samantha foso. hello. first and foremost, i want to express my gratitude to everyone that is here today for giving me the opportunity to be here. i cannot tell you how proud my family is to have me sitting here today because i

am a recent um well, i consider 2016 recent, but in 2016, i graduated from the rad program. i am the first in my family to major in health. i am also the first in my family to graduate from college. so i am hoping that i have broken the cycle and that my son, my brother, everyone in my

family can go ahead and pursue um something in in education. so uh i just want to say thank you to everyone for giving me that opportunity. so professionally throughout the years um i have been able to work in radologic technology. uh throughout the eight years that i have been employed there, i have had the opportunity of being

clinical instructor for these students. um, and i get so much gratification from seeing them learn, work with patients, and able to just guide them and support them. um, as a student here at mount sack when i was going through here, i never forgot the support and the encouragement that i received from my teachers um, from the program

itself. uh, if it was not for them pushing and encouraging me and telling me that it is okay, you are going to do it, you are going to be fine, you know, that meant the world to me. and i just want to give back to the community. i want to give back to the student body. and i

want to be the person to put that uh feeling into the students and to have the stories that i am sure all of you have as well. um and last and foremost, i want to thank lance and i want to thank the entire uh radiology division for being so welcoming uh and helping me through uh this process

as well as the new faculty orientation that has been put together that i know has been um here for years. cara has been awesome. thank you. um and making me feel welcome. so, uh, thank you so much and i appreciate the opportunity of being here and i look forward to supporting the students. thank you. awesome. welcome. and

dr. fergos, so you know, you are going to be training our heroes who uh who behind the x-rays are going to be helping doctors see what they cannot see. so, gracias, we appreciate that. thank you. all right. um and then of course uh not joining uh sadly uh michael haynes is our other new professor of uh ra

respiratory therapy and so we welcome him although he cannot be here with us. thank you very much dean herd. so with that we are going to move on to item 6.01 on our agenda and that is the approval of minutes of the regular meeting of august 13. is there a motion for approval? it is been moved. is

there a second? it is been seconded. all the uh student trustee. i approve. all those in favor say i. all right. motion carries. thank you. next up is public comment. so at this time the board is going to listen to communications from the public on items that are on the agenda as well as matters that are not

on the agenda but are within the ma uh subject matter jurisdiction of this board of trustees. so under the provisions of the brown act we are as board members uh not allowed to discuss or take any action on anything that you as guests are orally requesting or not part of the agenda. so, uh, again, we also want

to remind you that comments are limited to no more than three minutes per person. so, we have a couple of comments cards. first up is going to be my abdati. mal mal abdomati. is mal here? yes. mal abdati. all right. welcome. uh, you have three minutes. okay. hello. um, hi, my name is mal. uh, a few of

you may know me. um, i started here in 20 in fall of 2023 and i graduated spring 2025 with my associates in fire technology and sociology. and i am currently a cal state long beach student majoring in healthcare administration with a minor in emergency management. so public service has always been really big, close and dear to my

heart. um, and honestly, like having transferred, the one thing i can say about mount zach is like mount sack truly did care about me. like especially now that i am paying like $15,000 for a dorm room, $630 for a year-long parking pass. like it is a lot of money. and at a big school, big schools make it

is really difficult for them to like in uh sorry to individualize their like care to each student that did really well, right? but um as a few of you guys may know, i am also really big on advocating. so wherever i see pitfalls, i will make sure to call them out. and the one thing that i will

hold against mount sack is that although yes, mount sack does truly care about its students, mount sack can be doing a better job about listening to its students. and i mean truly listening to their students, asking the students what they want and then implementing that, right? so, a great example of that is, as we can see, especially

last semester with the um with the president's forums and the discussions about ar-15s, it was brought to the board's attention and to the president's attention as well that the students want more housing support, financial support, want more uh want more basic needs, period. and what i have seen over the summer is that we moved forward with getting

new police cars, but we haven't moved forward with increasing the budget for basic needs, right? we haven't move forward with um trying to solve any of like the housing issues. and i understand these are really big issues to solve. these are not like one community college is not going to solve the entire housing crisis in the united

states. but if we can make an effort to make our students feel heard, that is really really important. another major thing is in this day and age, especially in this political climate, we need to put more money and more just care and support into our ethnic studies programs. they do not have a department budget right now. they

have, i think, only one or two full-time staff members. they need more than that. this is a growing department and a department that means quite a lot to the pe the students that you guys serve. you guys primarily serve uh students of color. so ethnic studies is a really big part of their life, but that department does

not even have its own budget to be able to support all these students. so again, it is just about listening to your students and again truly listening, listening to what they want, and as a board deciding what can we do, we afford to do, and how are we going to do it. all that being said, like i

said, i love mount sack. mount zach so much that i am making the hourlong commute just to come work here instead of working in long beach. so, i really do love mount sack and i thank you guys for the best experience of my life. thank you very much. next up is alan smithy. and then after allan will

be uh caesar hello. i talk a lot about the technology and our students rights that are being violated. i just want to say there are solutions that would take a long time to talk about. there is self-hosting. there is proper encryption like publicly keyed cryptography between students and teachers. there are applications with no logs. they are allowing

companies to collect more data than they need on students is a security risk. forcing students into legal agreements with corporations where they take our data and rights away is just horrible. i think leadership should be liable and your wealth should be on the line if you are going to do this to us. we use k16 anti-ai cheat

cheat cheating which uses chat gpc or gpt0 sorry um in gpt0's own test they said own text they say the nature of ai generated content is changing constantly as such these results should not be used to punish students which they are always existing on there are always existing edge cases cases with both instances where ai is classified

as human and human is classified as ai james o'brien professor of computer science berkeley has some questions questions that i have quoted. is a student or parent or the parent of the student someone with the english a second language? if yes, there are there may be a discrimination aspect to the case. people with english a second language

often directly translate idioms or other common phrases and expressions from their first language. the resulting text ends up with unusual phrases that are known to falsely trigger ai detectors. if the student is a member of a minority group that makes use of these of their own idioms or english dialect as with a second language speaker, these these

these less common phrases can falsely trigger ai detectors. is is the student accused neurodeiverse? if yes, then this is another possible discrimination aspect to the case. people with autism, for example, may use expressions that make perfect sense to them, but that others find odd. there is nothing wrong with these expressions, but they are unusual and ai detectors

can be triggered by them. we are paying these companies that are profiting profiting off of our student data and work also doing false student false assessments on students that are violating many student rights and most of our leadership hasn't acknowledged how surveillance technology erodess these rights. i have a lot more to talk about but i cannot do

it justice right now. so that that will be i think supporting mass surveillance of our students shows that these that the leadership is not fit to be serving in the education sector. thank you. thank you very much. and next up is caesar alvarado. hey, how are you? welcome. i am doing great. i do not think i have

ever sat in this chair before, but welcome. you have three minutes. thank you very much. good evening, dr. garcia, trustees, members of the das and campus community. for anyone who does not know, my name is cesat latan vado, and i am here today to call on this institution to follow through on some of its commitments to take

bold and necessary steps toward justice and equity. first, i would like the board to begin the process of renaming our college from mount san antonio college or mount sack to mount yoat. names carry weight. and this current name reflects a colonial legacy that erases original peoples, languages, and cultures of this land. by embracing mount yoat, we not

only just change a name, but we acknowledge history, honor indigenous roots, and take steps toward decolonization. i understand that this is a difficult conversation, but i understand as well that it benefits all of us. it fosters a stronger sense of belonging, strengthens community trust, and shows our students and neighbors that we are unafraid to lead by example

in creating a more inclusive and truthful future. second, i would like to ask the board to address another urgent need in our student community, mental health and psychiatric care. while our college provides some health services, we lack dedicated psychiatrists and on-ampusies, neurodeivergent students and those living with mental health conditions often face months long waits and significant financial

barriers when seeking care. this gap directly impacts our students ability to succeed. by hiring dedicated psychiatrists and implementing pharmacies within our health centers, things that have already been done by around 50% of the csu system, our college could be the first in our system to provide lifesaving care, reduce barriers to medication access, and create pathways for more

students to graduate and transfer. the research is clear. when students mental health needs are met, retention, graduation, and transfer rates all rise. this is both a moral and practical call to action. renaming our institution to mount yoat and expanding psychiatric services are not separate goals, but they are both steps toward building a college that is inclusive, just,

and supportive of every student. thank you for your time and leadership, and i urge you all to act on these. thank you very much. all right. now we are going to move on to uh on our agenda to item 8.01 and that is reports. so first up is associated students u and bert nam and albert lopez will

be reporting on behalf of the associated students. welcome good evening, esteemed member of board of trustees and president garcia. the fall semester has been off um to a great start with parking lots and classrooms filled with um the vibrant spirits of students and faculty eager and excited to return to a brand new semester. and since the start

of the semester, um the asn, the associate student senate and executive board have been participating in weekly training sessions every thursday. these trainings focus on devel developing leadership fundamentals um parliamentary procedures and preparing officers to better serve the student body and regarding co collegewide committees. students have been continuously coming into the associated student center actively seeking out

these opportunities and at the moment there are more than 10 ongoing and completed appointments for collegewide committees. yeah. and i would like to share um oh good evening boards. i just like to share some highlights of our uh co-curricular engagement. so uh coming soon uh in october 17th through the 19th we have the fall leadership conference uh

which we received over a 100 uh applications from students. so that is great news. um this is a three-day retreat uh focused on leadership, personal growth and building uh healing centered connections. and right around the corner, we have constitution day happening september 17th from 11:00 a.m. to 1 pm held at the summit event uh center. this event

is featuring an on u an engaging discussion on birthright citizenship with faculty and speech and debate team along with on-site uh voter registration by la county voter outreach office. and today we had a great uh turnout on the um the joint club. uh so it was really great engaging with students and helping them uh be excited for

the school year. so thank you. and that i think concludes our our report. all right. welcome. thank you so much. thank you. we are excited about the new academic year and i am going to come and visit your student sen your student uh board meeting one day soon. all right. thank you. item 8.02 faculty association. uh faculty

association president emily woolery. welcome. good evening everyone. i hope you are doing well this um this evening. um first up is that as you heard earlier in public comment, well a little bit ago in public comment, we do believe we are ready to conclude negotiations of the 2425 contract. um we are just awaiting a couple of signatures

on tentative agreements, but we we expect those are coming forward. and um the things that were so we we do appreciate the agreements we reached. um i do see progress towards equity both for our adjunct faculty as well as for the overall campus commitment to dsa. so we are appreciative of that and we look forward to continue

to work on those issues in the coming process. in terms of the budget for the 2526 year, um we do see that that is on your agenda this evening for approval and i know it is going to go through. um what is concerning to us is to see the college once again predicts an ongoing budget deficit for

the college. we see year after year that we um the ending balance continues to grow and for several years we have exceeded board policy 6250's requirement to have an ending balance over 18.5%. so i just want to share that faculty members will question narratives that our college faces financial challenges and we are here to work with you

to continue prioritizing the learning environment for our students and that includes the faculty and staff that make learning possible for our students as well as some of our community members. and then lastly we have some upcoming events that we hope you will join us. um, one of them is an adjunct faculty celebration that is scheduled on october

21st and this is an event where departments recognize adjuncts and we are also celebrating milestone years. so we have adjuncts that have been here many many years and we are taking that opportunity to celebrate those accomplishments. so october 21st from 11:30 to 2. we will send out more detail, but we hope for now that you pencil that

into your calendars. and also we are very excited to offer lunch with a trustee again this semester. we hope you are equally excited. our faculty members do love that time with you. um it is not often they get to sit with a trustee over lunch and brag about their programs and their students. so, um, maya and i

greatly appreciate your time for those lunches and i believe you have a flyer left at your space. so, please reach out to maya and let her know if you are available to meet with some of our faculty. thank you. thank you very much, madame president. next up is item 8.03 csea 262, brandon gillette. is brandon here? maybe,

maybe not. good evening, members of the board. i want to begin by affirming csea's support of our lgbtq plus community here at mount sack. for our members, for our students, and for everyone who shares in this community. all are welcome on this campus, and we stand ready to support any initiatives the district may undertake to ensure mount

sack remains a place where all can thrive. this year has been a turning point in negotiations. just today, the last of our 15 agreements entered csea's 610 ratification process. together, we have made progress on three of the most urgent challenges facing our members. outdated job descriptions, unsustainable workloads, and insufficient compensation. we have also seen a welcome shift

in approach between csea and the administration. president garcia recently extended an invitation for improved communication, and i want to thank her for that. strong communication is the foundation of any healthy relationship. while challenges are inevitable, open dialogue gives us the mean to o the means to overcome them together. recent interactions give us real hope that this door

is opening wider and we are grateful. president garcia has also voiced her support for our members who need relief from heavy workloads. our recent agreements commit the district to meet with us to identify areas most in need. but her commitment has gone further. even before that agreement takes effect, she invited us to share our data with her

cabinet to guide new staffing allocations. she also expressed a willingness to partner with us on messaging to encourage a healthier work culture across campus. i also want to acknowledge the district negotiating team and human resources. this has been a challenging year due to the diff the distance between our positions at the bargaining table. despite that, the district's

team acted with professionalism and respect. i believe our strong working relationship with human resources prevented tensions from escalating. we are grateful for that partnership, and i believe we are leaving this year in a far better place than where we began. special thanks as well to soa, tika, and alexis for their leadership in improving our classification and reclassification

processes. while negotiations are still underway, the progress we have made in the class and reclass committee and at the table has been substantial. for the first time in many years, we see a clear path to ensuring our job descriptions are finally brought up to date. csea is grateful for the agreements we have reached this year, but i

want to be clear, these agreements are not a gift. they represent fair compensation that our members have long deserved. our members need these terms to best support the students we serve and to ensure mount sack can continue to attract and retain the dedicated classified professionals who make this campus run. after years of deferrals, we are proud to

have finally secured agreements that make progress towards both fairness and highlighting the essential role of our members. that said, our work is not finished. in the months ahead, csea will begin preparing for next year's negotiations. we will survey our members directly about pay and working conditions to allow their responses to drive our proposals at the table. we

will also conduct an in-depth review of the district's financials to ensure we come to the table informed. we recognize that financial constraints are real and money does not appear from nowhere. csea is committed to hearing and understanding the district's perspective and to approaching the conversation collaboratively. but we also want to recognize that budgets are about priorities. and

we hope, whatever the financial circumstances may be, that the district will continue to prioritize the one and only thing that makes this campus truly great, its people. thank you. thank you very much, mr. president. and next up is george gutierrez with csea what happened to all the tables? i am used to working on the tables. so, um

first of all, good evening to um president garcia and the board of trustees. i want to congratulate all those that won the awards, but i also want to acknowledge um grounds for setting up the fields and the custodial department for setting up all the necessary things in order to have clean restrooms and stocked and going through and

making sure that they are uh portered during the events. so, i want to make sure they get acknowledgement also for um the prestigious award that mount sack has received. it is a legacy. um that is why we have the hall of fame over here. so, i want to acknowledge um my uh eboard. um we have elections coming

up in uh december, which is just around the corner. i also want to just thank each and every one of them for all their hard work that they put in as well as my negotiation team. um, i want to thank the district team for their professionalism and their hard work and um, collaborating with 651. and, you know,

we are always getting complaints. why do not we give compliments when compliments are due? um, so i do want to compliment uh the district um for all their hard work that they did in collaborating with us and getting all the tas done. and um i do uh uh want to thank that we got at least two coordinators

which helps out and um one of the managers uh brandon um he did a great job. i felt really respected when i worked with him on the committee as well as um jason tacket. um it was a really great experience and i think that is what we should experience all the time when we do uh interviews. his

professionalism was um outstanding and i appreciate that that you guys got good managers that work with the night people and also the day staff and swing shift. so, i want to give it a shot a shout out to them cuz too many times we complain about people when we should also compliment people too when they are doing

a great job. so, um you guys already know the story. um so, i am going to keep it short. it is never too late to be what you might have been. george elliot, the only way to do great work is to love what you do. i love being the president for the union. i love helping people. that

is just who i am. um, i wear my heart on my sleeve. i care about people. uh, the only way to do a great work is to love what you do. do not just learn, experience. do not just read, absorb. do not just change, transform. do not just relate, advocate. do not just promise, prove. do not just

criticize, encourage. do not just think, ponder. do not just take, give. do not just see, feel, and do. and just dream. and do that is so important. mount sack right there because i see the professors uh encouraging um the students. um i see also um we need to encourage each other because we are in the same fight

and that is to see all these students graduate and um be the change and difference when they go out into the community and what they are going to be uh giving. so, i appreciate everybody for all their hard work and um like i said, i enjoy what i do, you know, um making mount sack great and um

protecting the integrity and the golden standard of mount sack. and it is always great to hear all the awards that they receive because everybody participated whether it was faculty, was counselors, the coaches, whether it was even a custodian or grounds or anybody in our departments. we all care and bring something to the table, whether small or great,

but we are all piece of the pie. you know, the district might be holding the shell, but we are the ingredients that makes the pie, and i love pie. so, thank you very much. you guys have a great evening. thank you very much, president gutierrez. all right. item 8.05, academic senate. dr. tanya anders, welcome. good evening, board

members. dr. garcia, good to be here. i am going to talk to you about four things today. um dual enrollment, our senate structure and then appendix e positions as well as faculty hiring. so, regarding dual enrollment, um the senate has been advocating for a dual enrollment faculty leaison position. we used to have one and then we lost

it. dual enrollment is growing across the state, part of vision 2030. and so we felt there was really a strong need to have a person that would link our departments and divisions with the dual enrollment team here within on our campus within student services but then also with the local school district. so we are launching a pilot

and with some release time for a faculty member who will have a number of key tasks that i listed here for you in the report. and i did a call out and received a lot of applications which was amazing. i had 20 faculty express interest in serving in the role. um, we had selection criteria that included experience

teaching in dual enrollment, potentially teaching at k through 12 system, leadership experience, curriculum experience, and other things. and so we narrowed it down to um a final candidate who will be appointed at senate exec tomorrow and then at full senate the week after. and then we are looking forward to starting off the work in collaboration with um

student services. so really happy about that. um last spring at the last senate meeting we approved a new senate committee and council structure that we worked on for a long time and so we eliminated a few committees, added some new ones and so now is the first semester where we are really fully launching that. so um you

i added for you the the infographic here i guess you could call it our flowchart of the senate committees and councils that we have. is you know we have three um well we have the 10 plus one three primary areas as i always say curriculum professional development and student preparation success that is why we have three councils

that is what you see at the top there and then committee serving underneath so we are excited to get that going um and um faculty and others from across campus collaborating with us on those senate committees um so the two items that i am seeking your support with um one is our negotiation cycle in appendix e position.

so for example that um dual enrollment lea is on right now is a pilot but we are hoping at some point that position would be in our contract in appendix e and i listed a whole bunch of other positions that are in appendix e that allow faculty to step away from some of the teaching to help fulfill

these important roles of serving our college. so for example again think about the 10 plus one our curriculum le is on our professional development coordinator and so forth. um we are always so late in negotiating our contract that i cannot as senate president appoint people until we know well what what do we have what positions do we

have and ideally we would appoint during the spring semester so that the faculty know this upcoming academic year say i have three l release time i do not need to teach one i can class less and make room for a part-time faculty to teach that class and so that system is in a way broken for a long

time we our contracts have gone through too late. so what we are asking that may be a consideration for upcoming rounds of negotiations that maybe appendix e gets negotiated first so that we have that information. so for example, right now we are waiting for a desa plus coordinator to be appointed and if our contract goes through and

we have that position then that person will now start working probably week five or six into the semester rather than with the beginning of the semester. so, we are asking for you to advocate for us if you can with the negotiation teams. that would help us. and then the other area where we are asking for your support

is the hiring of faculty. we will be entering the new cycle which is always exciting. and may i say what an amazing group of faculty. we are onboarding again. amazing. just absolutely amazing. so many talented people and we are excited to get to know them better. um, so we would love to have a larger group of faculty

to be hired. we had two small hiring rounds. seven in the last i know that expanded to 10, but originally was seven and then nine in the year before, but we have a much larger group of retirees. i over 20 people retired. plus, we have we are helping with the growth. we have enrollment growth. uh we even

have um some departments that are now way under. we have some departments with one full-time faculty. they are supposed to have three to be department. so, um, we are asking you to please advocate for more faculty, full-time faculty positions. we have under 450 right now. we have over 1,800 adjunct faculty. there is clearly a need for more

full-time faculty and we would love to have your support. and finally, i want to thank you for attending flex day. if you were able to make it. it was amazing to have chancellor christian there to give our keynote address and we really appreciate your support of the faculty and showing that you care about us. thank you so

much. awesome. thank you so much uh dr. anders and item 8.06 uh the classified senate and gloria uh you are reporting out today, right? yes. okay, great. good evening dr. garcia and board of trustees. uh my name is gloria mongia. i am the classified senate second vp and uh iet garcia sends her apologies for missing tonight's meeting

and i will be uh reporting uh reading her report. classified senate is pleased to announce that we are working with the mount sack foundation to reestablish a scholarship award for a classified or confidential employee. at this stage, we are collaborating on the criteria and structure to ensure we will provide a little help in supporting professional growth opportunities

for our colleagues. we look forward to sharing more details in the coming months as the scholarship is finalized and ready to launch. on september 18th, 2025, revisions to the title 5 regulations related to the flexible calendar program will take effect and be published in this in state law. these revisions expand a flex eligibility to include not only

faculty but also classified professionals, student workers, and administrators. the chancellor's office will provide colleges across the state with implementation guidance to support districts in documenting and integrating professional learning opportunities for all employee groups. this represents a significant shift formally recognizing professional development as a shared responsibility and opportunity across the campus community. we await the chancellor's office implementation

guidance to understand better how this will be operationalized at mount sack. uh halloween event classified senate is planning the process. we are in the planning process for our halloween event scheduled for friday, october 31st. we have some fun activities in store and schools first federal credit union will be joining us to provide resources and help give out

prizes. we encourage everyone to start planning their creative costumes and look forward to a festive day of community and celebration. thank you. i love how um the classified senate is working with the foundation to really secure the kind of funding from from the uh the credit union. thank you for that report. all right. uh now we are

moving on to our action items. we have um a total of eight listed but seven are really action items. so uh let us start with 9.01 which is management contracts. so first let me read out something and that is the government code section 54953c3 requires that before that this board takes final action a summary of the recommendation

regarding the salary salary schedules or compensation um that is to be paid in the form of french benefits or contracted managers must be orally reported. so i am reporting the following summary regarding this item that is appearing on the agenda and it is uh and any kind of longevity longevity pay doctoral stipend as identified on the management

salary schedule and health and welfare benefits granted to any other management employees will be provided to the eligible managers when relevant. the item is one, it is a temporary assignment uh for in the area of financial aid and special programs. it is uh for michelle casas as acting manager of financial aid and special programs with a monthly

salary of $9,966 for the term september 15, 2025 through february 28, 2026. is there a motion for approval? approved. it is been moved. is there a second? it is been seconded by gary chow. um, any discussion? hearing none. student trustee. i approve. all those in favor say i. any opposed? any abstensions? motion carries. moving on to item

9.02, revised salary schedule for student assistance. um, is there a motion for approval? it is been moved by trustee chen heggerty. is there a second? second by trustee chen. um, any discussion? hearing none. student trustee. i approve. all those in favor say i. any opposed? any abstensions? motion carries. thank you. next up is item 9.03, 03 proposed

revisions to board policy 2725 which is board member compensation and if i am not mistaken dr. garcia, this is the second reading. is that right? correct. and uh this is the one where we uh separated the um compensation for the student trustee. and uh from that of the regular trustees, the compensation, if you haven't read the document,

is um there is a monthly stipend um of $700.50 or $750 per month. is there a motion for approval? it is been moved by trustee chen. is there a second and seconded by trustee cow? is there any discussion? trusty santos, what about a 5% increase to 780? um, this is a discussion item. the question is, um, dr.

garcia trustee santos wants to know what would be the process to modify the the existing board compensation or all board the student trustee as well. yeah, everybody just changed this to from 750 to 780 to change this from 750. so you are saying 5% equals 780. what what are the i i need direction from the board. i

will modify the board policy. bring it back for a first reading and then a final action and that would be the process to to mod to modify it and uh proceed if the board approves. so the first step is direction from the board if there is consensus to modify it and um you are able by action to

increase the compensation for the board by 5%. if you choose to do so, just one time. yeah. has it ever been increased? it is. uh, director nelson, no. because you are at the max for our size district. so, uh, it is my understanding that, um, the community college districts that that are as large as ours, our maximum

at this point is $750 a month. however, correct the board has is allowed by law to increase it 5%. is it every year? we are allowed to increase it 5% every year if the board so chooses. the 5% in this case as trustee santos has indicated. is that correct? um, vice president uh dominguez, that would be about

780. 787 would be the actual amount. so that we are in discussion. trustee algo, i would say that we i mean, preferably i would prefer to have that conversation at a different time. right now, i just feel like this is for student trustee compensation. so i i mean i'd be willing to entertain that conversation, but for purposes

of this agenda item, i think it is important that we just do the student trustee compensation and look at other models at a different, you know, maybe at another board meeting. well, well, we had the the comparative last time at the first meeting. we already had the comparatives. so we do not we do not um when employee

groups get a raise, that does not apply to the board then. that is not in our bylaws. okay? so, we are just flat. okay. trusty chow, i i'd rather decline this this raise. i think this is the best lowpaying job i have ever had and i i am in it for the service and the uh seeing our

success in our students and i feel the meals are outstanding. okay. so, i would say i am okay with the pay as it is. all right. would you like to start paying for the meals? yes, dr. dr. baka said would he like to start paying for the meals? and so, um are there any additional discussions? all right.

hearing none, um there is a motion on the table to approve the existing um board policy 2725 board member compensation. all student trustee. i approve. all those in favor say i. any opposed? any abstensions? all right. board carries. thank you. um item 9.04 um agreement with steady solutions inc. for miracle mile plaza handscape hardscape rather landscape as

it relates to a bid. um is there a motion for approval? it is been moved by trustee chan heggerty. is there a second by trustee baka? any discussion? dr. have we ever had a landscape project with this dollar amount? it seems pretty pretty high. i mean, i have seen a lot of them before, but maybe it is

just the scope of the project is much bigger than what we have normally voted on. and team, can you step forward and provide an explanation, please? good afternoon. um, my name is valerie oden, assistant director of design and construction. and with me, i have uh senior project manager john gaston. so, this area um i will let him

speak to it. yeah, the site this is where buildings 9 f and g used to be located. so part of the student center project removed those trailers. so for the last five years or so, we have had an open lot with a construction fence around it. the the scope of that work requires removal of the old asphalt,

excavation, putting the dirt back, new concrete, but it also includes sight lighting and outdoor furniture and some uh student focused um electrical components. do do you have a rendering that we could see? yeah, we have a a full design that has been bid out. we are reviewing those bids right now. could could somebody pull it up for

us to look at? i do not think we have that right at this moment. uh what is the biggest part of that you the the large cost component mostly? most likely it is the site preparation. there is a lot of asphalt. there is asphalt up against the the embankment to the north right below uh building 16. does

it involve environmental mitigation or anything that uh no. no. there is a retaining wall that will be installed at the north because of the tiered everything at mount sack is uphill. so, is the rendering on our website? i do not believe it is been put on our construction website. we we can get you a copy of the

rendering. what what portion of the total cost is that? i do not have the breakdown on the bid in front of me. um that is okay. the the site prep. i i would take an educated guess. i i believe it is at least 50% of the cost. okay. for site prep. so, can you describe it? bp dominguez,

do you have the the cost in by any chance in your email? yes. so, we have the the total bid at 1.38 million. um, but as stated, um, and then i was going to ask john, uh, if we table this to the next board meeting, will that impact our project or i would not suggest that. okay. i

would not i think we need to provide responses to the board. if pull up i we could take a minute or two to pull up the details. i am sure you have it an email so that you explain the the cost. can you do that, john? yes. yes, we could do that. okay. um, we we could send

the rendering to the board of trustees, but i want to make sure they respond to the cost, which is the major concern. what is generating the greatest cost in this project? so, i want to say there is probably a lot of concrete. can you pull it up? can you pull up right now? um, i would have to

grab my computer. yes, we could. that is fine. dr. is it possible to get um renderings included with these board documents in the future anytime we are talking about, you know, when a design is ready or it is in process just so we know, you know, what it looks like. definitely, we will do that moving forward. thank

you. can you describe what is going to be a million dollar fabulous? yeah. what what it looks like? well, it is the area, if you are familiar, on the north side of miracle mile on the other on the other side of the walkway. yes. diagonal from the peace pole area. uh it is a flat space. it'll it'll

have a assortment of of familiar concrete outdoor furniture, tables, benches, uh various kinds of chairs. we are installing four light fixtures across there that are inconsistent with what is existing along miracle mile already. is it going to be solar lighting? no, it is wired in with all the rest of the controlled lighting along miracle dr. garcia, i

just hope that um for the future any kind of specifically action items that staff is prepared to answer these kind of questions cuz uh the fact that no one knows the answers to these questions, i am kind of stunned. so i do not know if you have any information for us and i apologize for that on behalf

of my team because we understand we should be better prepared when we are uh attending and preparing to answer to the board members during meeting. so i apologize for that. it will not happen again. be ready to respond to details in regards to the other items. so, um, if if there is additional details that are requested, let

us make sure we are ready as well, valerie. so, for this one, as soon as you are ready, please let us know. and also, um, this is the first time i have heard that the student center replaces 9c, student services. uh, what does that mean? is 9c going to be closed? what is the plan? i have never

heard of uh it is the site where 9 f and g were located. well, this says that uh the student center replaces 9c, student services. that is what it says right here. i believe that is a typo. okay, thank you. yeah, that is what i am leaving. i am trying to pull up the tabulations for you, but

i do not have there is no detail on open gov for me to pull up. um, angelique, do you have them detail? yeah. well, i i would so, what we are trying to determine is a breakdown of the cost so that we identify what is generating the greatest cost in this project. do you have that? yeah, it

is an open um the cost the pricing. what does that mean? open gov. that is our bidding system. so we have the um proposals the detailed proposals that we go over those costs with you. so i have it here in front of me. so the prime contractor who is study solutions um is a total cost of 339,857.

uh they have multiple sub subcontractors that will be doing the concrete grading, electrical demo and landscaping of that area. uh so uh first um subcontractor who is doing the concrete and grading is 453,387 which is our biggest cost along with the general contractor as i stated before. uh we have electrical that is going in there as john

gaston me me mentioned uh for 41,76. um and then we have the demo of the area, right? so we have to break down the asphalt and remove all that. um so that is another 84,916. the marina landscape who will be doing is another subcontractor who will be doing all of the landscape in that area is 139,250 and

that equals our million58486. in addition to that, there is an alternate uh to add in telecom infrastructure for security cameras, low voltage for uh waps um which is the internet um for an additional 73,288 and i believe we built in a contingency in there as well for any unforeseen conditions. so i do apologize for not having this

information. we are going to um it is possible uh that we can put the cameras there. it does not mean that we are going to have cameras there. so, the cameras are not included in this. uh no, the infrastructure for having security cameras is going to be built in, but we haven't approved the actual cameras to be

installed. that would be another added cost. so, it is going to be concrete furniture. yes. and then some green, some landscape. mhm. that is correct. and we require irrigation to keep the grass green. so that is part of it as well. and this represents the lowest bid that was provided. that is correct. where bids went up beyond

$2.2 million. that is correct. and then you will give us the renderings. we will send you the renderings later this evening. unfortunately, i do not have those. i apologize in advance for that. to follow up a little bit. i know that some of the offices were 9c were moved to the student center. what what is happening with

that that uh that 9c? i believe we do not have that correct. we had 9f and 9g modular. but the 9c, what is happening with that? they pick us up. so currently that is the uh site for our basic needs um programming and also staff offices and so forth in addition to our international student programs. okay. so

we are keeping it for a while. um it is the the location for now until uh um any any potential uh changes into the future. yeah. 9c is a permanent building, right? yeah, that is a permanent building. there is no 1953. we will keep it till 203 unless there is plans approved to move forward with another student

services building, but at the moment there is not. so just a couple of programs in there and it is kind of not as busy as it was used to be and correct. so uh there is uh again basic needs international student programs 9c stage is still used at times uh for different programs and events. any additional discussion?

oh, yeah. i had a question about the concrete furniture. is it going to be similar to what we have outside of the uh business technology center? i think it is going to be uh more similar to what is outside of building 414 if i am not mistaken. is that yeah, that and student center. okay. the shared quad.

i just remember the the concrete furniture there. you have some really tall like chair concrete chairs and i am not sure how usable they are. maybe people love them, but just want to make sure that whatever we are doing is actually usable and not just aesthetically interesting. yeah, i concur. yeah, we we will look into that, but

most definitely it is going to be closer to what is currently in front of student center and in front of building 414 to make that cohesive look. what about charging stations or plugs? um, i want to say that there is probably going to be some there because we are adding electrical in that area, but no. so, any

additional questions? appreciate you uh being resourceful and bringing that information up so quickly. i apologize in advance. no worries. thank you. all right. um, if there is no additional discussion, we will call the question. student trustee, i approve. all those in favor say i. any opposed. any abstensions? motion carries. thank you. next is item 9.05, appointment of

a member to the citizens oversight uh committee. and uh this is for it is recommended that the board review the application and determine whether to appoint uh zoya chen as student representative to the citizens oversight committee effective october 1. is there a motion for approval? it is been moved by trustee chen heggerty. is there a second? second

by trustee chen. uh, any discussion? hearing none. i think it is great that a student member is joining us. um, i hear that we have always had a student member, but i just have never when i go there was never a student member. uh i am thrilled that they will be part of that and uh keeping us

honest and uh so uh we will call for the question. student trustee i approve. uh all those in favor say i. any opposed? any abstensions? motion carries. thank you. all right. 9.06 resolution number let me see where we are. new resolution number uh 252. um to uh it is the appropriations limit for fiscal year 2526 as required

by law. uh is there a motion for approval? it is been moved by dr. baka. is there a second? second by was that student trustee? oh, it is trusty john hagerty. uh any discussion hearing? none. uh student trustee, i approve. all those in favor say i. any opposed? any abstensions? motion carries. we are moving along. that is

great. um all right. next is um a public hearing. um the uh we are opening um the public hearing item 9.07 regarding the 2025 2026 budget. um i am opening this public hearing. are there any comments from the public regarding the budget hearing? none. i will close the public hearing at this time. all right. item carries. that

is now we are moving on to item 9.08. is there a motion for approval to approve the budget for fiscal year 2526? it is been moved by trustee santos. is there a second? second by dr. baka. any discussion? is there a presentation? yes, there is a presentation. is there anyone who is presenting on the budget? if you

could please move forward, that would be great. and board colleagues, for those of you who are here, i believe there is a document attached. you can see the presentation on the attachment. greetings. if you'd like to introduce yourselves. uh, greetings. good evening. uh, vice president joe dominguez of administrative services. good. good evening, rosa royce. um, intering vice

president of administrative services. and just wanted to start off that, uh, the fiscal and budget team are committed to maximize our financial resources and support student success as we navigate um, uh, fiscal guidance and our state economy. and here at mount sack and how to support the great work uh being done. so, as we start, we will

go um uh to give a context of the 2526 uh state budget. so definitely uh testing times with the stock market uh challenging with the the impact of federal tariffs um and then uh federal cuts and then just general increases of state costs and inflation uh cost of goods. and so we see that as well. and with

that um the state is facing a 12 billion deficit for 2526. um however that does not include no major core reductions to community college programs in the state of california. so um we do feel though the the fiscal impact of lack of deferred maintenance funding uh instruction equipment it and there is other items that we will uh

discuss in the presentation. um the governor and the state legislature supported uh a cola a 2.3% which equates to 24 uh4.2 million and provided 140 million across the 2425 and 2526 budget years to support a combined enrollment growth of 2.35. um this was interesting and we reached out to the state and the chancellor's office and our district

auditing firm and confirmed that uh when the governor did that we recognize it in 2425 and another portion in 2526 and we have slides later to break that down. um in addition to uh the the context and the environment here in california with the wildfires uh the governor legislature also have a fire related tax backfill of 3.8

8 million for 2425 and 8 million and 2526. uh cash flow reserves and the prop 98 split. uh specific to the proposition 98 split, that is in reference to transitional kinder. um portion of that is k12 and then the other portion is community college. so, there was a portion or a proposal um that was going to shift

those funds from the community college system to the k12 system. and through uh back and forth and through negotiations at the state level uh at the recent announcement, they are returning the 260 million as ongoing funding to the community college system. so, it is not going to k12 uh as of what we have right now. uh we

do not know down the road but as of right now that is what it is. um one of the other challenges as i mentioned is the um deferrals. uh so even though uh in general funding was not reduced uh they submitted some ius uh to community college systems in california at the tune of 48.4 million for 2526

to go to 2627. so, that is a delay of our skiff payment uh to our district. uh that delay equates to 11.8 million for mount sack. um the good news is we have um reserves and cash flow and we are healthy. so, we have full confidence that we can take that on uh that deferral and so we

do not see a need that we need to borrow or do um any additional um steps to take that. so, we are good. and then um proposition 98, the governor is also authorized with the legislature uh to tip into uh tap into their reserves and the rainy day fund. and so they will continue uh to do so

to address the state deficit uh in expanding access, equity, and workforce readiness. some one-time funds i think that was also finalized. uh and we will go through briefly but uh tech and data systems at the state level 12 million 6.6 6 million for e transcript um rising scholars network of 10 million ongoing for all colleges to participate

in the rising scholars network and mount sack has definitely produced and participated and been successful there and then credit for prior learning and career passport 15 million for one time and 5 million ongoing to scale credit for prior learning and 25 million one time to implement the career passport uh funding wraparound services to ensure for student completion.

60 million one time to student support block grant. uh 20 million one time to support emergency financial assistance grants to students. uh 15 million one time to support dreamer resource leaison. and kudos to our state of california because we definitely feel the um the difficulty at the federal level. and then 5.1 million one time for financial aid

outreach through community- based organizations. so a holistic approach with our community partners. um in regards to our skiff um additional 100 million uh for growth bringing the total growth funding to 128.1 million and repaying the skiff deferral of 243.7 uh that was impacted in that fiscal year and then reappropriates revenues to support fully funding the skiff for

2425. and then for 2526 the governor legislature have come to agreement to support skiff at 39.9 million and that is a.57 enrollment growth. uh in addition 217.4 to support cola at 2.3%. uh and however like i mentioned earlier uh they came to a consensus to defer 48.4 4 million from 2526 to 2627, but also reappropriated revenues to

support fully funding the skiff. and so, um, there is definitely need throughout the state system. um, but we are happy to see that those reappropriations have taken place to support our skiff funding model. uh in addition the 100 million for 2425 growth funding and the 39 uh.9 uh and 2526 is a combined growth rate of 2.35 and

we uh commend the state and it helps us reduce the amount of unfunded full-time uh equivalent students and so we are working very hard to do so and then our um in the process um the early recalculation is usually done when the fiscal year comes to a close. the legislature and the department of finance takes a look

at that uh and makes adjustments themselves uh to align to uh funding based on actuals and audited data. and because of that, the additional 100 million in growth funding for 2425 and then accounts for additional funds appropriated in the budget act. and then for moving forward uh for 2425 the second principal a portionment was was used for

the the calculations for that funding portion. so i just wanted to remind everyone uh mount sack we are doing amazing work in supporting student success our faculty classified everyone uh from our trustees our president and all those that are supporting the cause. but uh from the base in our our skiff formula is our enrollment numbers and then

you add our supplemental which is the number of students receiving grants from college promise our pel and our california non-resident students that receive a grant and then you add to the success measures which is in regards to our earned degrees certificates transfers to four-year universities or completing level uh transfer level math in english and then that equals

our skiff calculated revenue. so i mentioned that because uh as we continue down that path to be successful um once again the one-time and then turning to ongoing funding for 2425 we have funded 34,776 full-time equivalent students. we still have unfunded 810 uh full-time equivalent students. so, question mark uh with the governor, the legislature, the state economy,

and all the things that i mentioned. um but let us see uh how that moves forward. but of as of right now, that is a commitment that we have to fund those 810 unfunded full-time equivalent students. and so the funding formula and then uh lobbyists and just the community college system uh to push to get um additional

funding. kudos to instruction and everyone uh throughout our campus. it is a team effort, but we are uh credit enrollment trends overall. uh we are on ticking up at 199,26 for 2425 and the trend is still moving upward. so, uh, kudos to the entire team. and i know we celebrated an award, uh, for athletics department, um, a

national award, but we have a statewide award. and i i do not have the trophy yet, but i want to give kudos to our nonredit. uh, mount sack is number one in the state in nonredit. uh, the largest, the baddest, bad, meaning good, and and at 11,726. so, uh, kudos, congratulations to and that definitely helps and contributes,

uh, to the work that we are doing and we will continue to do so. um, and then regards to our actuals to our uh, variance uh, per se. so, i wanted to point out um, the the highlight here. so 2425 the skiff adjustments including growth approved by the governor on june 27th that was after our last uh

budget presentation that 13.2 2 million 10 million is uh that funding that they announced on the 27th and then that supports the 1,351 uh full-time equivalent students and then the remaining is our p2 growth. so that as we grow as a district. so our 2425 estimated revenues at 16.4 uh million. and then if you look at our

2425 unexpended line items, um the 8.3 are are our va our vacancies uh and benefits. so salaries and benefits vacancies and then uh the 3.1 negative is the impact of hourly faculty hours and we are partnering up with instruction as we move forward. and then we also have some good news that we are uh budgeting uh to

hire additional faculty. uh but we need to work on a balance between our hourly and our full-time faculty. and so that is where you see the 3.1. so that is an area that we will work in partnership uh as we move forward. and then the parking uh support due to decrease in students. um this is postco and

so uh i just want to commend our instruction team though we have online instruction different modalities but now uh the ripple effect of that is the reduced parking permits and that is the amount that we are committing from the general fund to offset the reduction of our parking permits. so we have approximately 1.9 uh million from the

general fund to help support that. so we are going to work together to to see what we can do. um and then also as we mentioned if that is a trend then we need to have that budgeted. um so we are are working with the team on that. and then the other piece uh right below that at

7.1 million um one thing that uh that is a challenge and it hasn't been mentioned on on any state um update but we know we have not been funded for 2 years in deferred maintenance and instruction technology and that is a challenge for us and so when that has taken place we have to from our general fund

commit uh so we have to fix the broken things and systems and infrastructure and provide uh as much as we can the latest technology uh for our students and our faculty and our staff. and so that is our commitment and um so we will continue to do so. um but that is a challenge that we are faced

with. um and then in addition uh utilities and so um the ongoing cost of utilities and we are working with our facilities team and maintenance and operations and how we could reduce our utility usage and i know um our facilities team is also working on a solar project. we have more information coming at another board meeting but

that is also an opportunity. how do we reduce our utility costs? and so that is an opportunity that we are looking at. so in in total the positive variance of 6.4 4, which gives us an ending fund balance uh before gsp b 101 at um 65.9. and gasp 101 is a new government accounting standard that establishes a

single model uh for districts and government entities to follow. and it recognizes and um measuring liabilities uh for compensated absences. and we have our auditors uh here this evening with us to explain more. but i just want you to know that we have implemented gazsby 101 as required and um in also in guidance with our district auditor,

we are navigating that and making sure that we do it correctly. but you will see that uh line item um of 12.3. and so the ending fund balance with the gazsby 101 adjustment brings us to 78.2. too. um, but we will go ahead with that. i'd like to bring up um introduce our district auditor, alicia herrera from

id bailey, and we will do a brief uh gatsby 101 overview. thank you. you are welcome. well, good evening everyone. um joe and rosa asked me to come here today to give you a brief summary of the gazsby 101 new accounting standard. um, as joe mentioned, it is um a long time coming there. it is been over

30 years since gazby has made any updates to accounting for compensated absences, which is any type of um employee leave. so, for mount sack, that is primarily vacation leave, sick leave, and faculty load banking leave. this standard was put into place to modernize and standardize what governments are doing in practice because we saw that it was kind

of a patchwork of old standards and people were accounting for things differently. so, every governmental entity in the nation will adopt this standard this year. uh, and i am going to go over some of the key changes and how it is going to affect mount sack. so, the two major changes are uh a liability for sick leave

will now be recognized by the district. um, historically, the county standards have not provided for that. so, now mount sack will recognize a liability for its sick leave balances to its employees. additionally, gazsby uh clarified that liabilities for compensated absences will only be recorded in the full acral financial statements. so, those are the financial statements um that

we bring to you in december when i go over the audited financial statements and they should not be recorded in the fund financial statements what are which is what you guys will look at when you are looking at the budget primarily the general fund. this is consistent with other liabilities that the district has for example for its

oped and pension. so it makes it more consistent across the board where things are getting recorded. oh, sorry about that. thanks. um, we are in the preliminary stages of the audit. actually, our official start is next week. um, but in working with the district in planning for this, um, we are estimating that the liability for all of

your compensated absences, vacation, sick leave, and load banking is going to be $67 million. it is very very large, but you guys are a large district and from what i have seen from some of my other community college districts that are similar in size, it is pretty comparable. the impact on the general fund, as i mentioned, um

there is no longer going to be a liability recorded in the funds to be in accordance with this new standard. mount sac has historically recorded a portion of the liability for vacation and load banking. uh so that will be reversed in accordance with um when we do changes in accounting standards we um do a prior period adjustment

so it does not hit your income statement. um but important to note that just because it is not recorded in the general fund any longer does not mean that mount sack is um alleviated of these liabilities to their employees for leave balances. uh mount stack is still liable for um amounts for vacation load banking. once employees uh

take those leaves or they terminate from the district, those payments still need to go out. so just because it is not going to be recorded in the general fund anymore, it is still a very real liability for the district. uh i know you guys will have lots and lots of questions for rosa and joe on the budget,

but i am happy to take questions specifically related to the new accounting standard should anybody it does not give us more money, but it lets us do our accounting so that it looks like we have more money. is that what it is? yeah. i i um actually joe put it better than i did as a um a

really detailed accountant. he said they are telling you where and when to record it, not when to pay it out. so um yes, it is going to look like you do have um a higher fund balance, but you still, like i mentioned, it is still liability of the district. gatsby is something we got to pay. no, no,

no. they set the accounting rules that you have to follow so that when you go out and issue bonds and you turn in your report to the chancellor's office every year that you are in compliance. so, it is how we note it within our budget documents. it is how we note it and recognize it. and so, it

is an accounting uh procedure and a standard. and the the justification, the real reason why i believe the legislature implemented is every college district or city did it differently. and so there was not a one standard process on how to report vacation, sick, etc. and so that is why they implemented gazby 101. so so but it is

something we have to pay at some point. yes. when i mean who do we pay it to? what is it? so it is when the employee takes vacation, sick, resigns, retires, etc. so that liability is ongoing. um means it is ongoing. do not we just pay this? that is right. as you hire new employees, uh as they

acrue time, we need to recognize those okay, i will talk. may i ask a question? trusty chiao. okay, i have a i am a little confused on this one here. okay, let me just uh go over this one sheet just make sure i understand. we are projected i am looking at the changes in the revenues six 16499400

that is the projected increase in revenues for the upcoming fiscal year. is that correct? it is i am sorry. i am on your page 13. okay. that was our adopted budget. okay, i understand. i am just talking about your adopted budget right now. okay. so, our adopted budget projects that we are going to have 16.5 million more

revenues in the current year. okay. that is what i see there. no, that is 2425, not 2526. yes. so, that is our 2425 adopted budget versus the actuals. may i ask? okay. this 12 million that we are talking about, you are gas, this represents vacation time earned by vacation and sick and other leave time earned by our

employees that they have not taken yet. is that correct? okay, that is the layman's explanation. okay. and this 16 million is, excuse me, the 12.3 million represents a snapshot time point in time as of 6:3025. is that correct? 6:3024 because we would have went past prior period. so 24. what was the liability as of 6:30? or you

haven't determined that yet, right? i we have an estimate. provided preliminary or we worked with the district on preliminary estimates. keep in mind we are now including sick leave. it is going to be $67 million including the sick leave. 67 million. i believe the portion that is vacation and load banking is closer to about 15 million 15

or 50 15. okay, that sounds about right. okay. so theoretically the change in the liability is an adjustment to an income the operational income. yes. historically it would have been. so so my question is this as we spoke on the phone previously this is to book a liability as of 63025. correct. this $12 million adjustment is to

take the liability out of the general fund. take it out. why are we taking it out of the general fund? that is why i i felt this was reversed. okay. it is the new accounting standard saying it will no longer be recorded in the general fund. it will only be recorded in the full acral financial statements which

the district gets in their audited financial statements once a year. so very similar to oped when we talk about oped at the end of the year. we know there is a liability out there for oped and unfunded liability, but we do not record it in the general fund because the accounting sensors tell us not to. we only

show it in those full acrruel financial statements, but it is a and it it does not impact our theoretically assuming our employees take regular vacation at the same rate. okay, this does not impact the cash flow of the if no, they would already plan for that ahead of time because they are used to making ongoing payments. employee

takes vacation, they get their paycheck and that is it. and it reduces the liability. is that correct? okay. so, explain to me the logic. it is on it is a liability that is on one set of reports but not on the other. i do not understand the logic on that. it gets really tricky. it is the basis

of governmental accounting and it is one of the biggest differences between governmental accounting and your standard for-profit accounting is the concept that fund accounting is done one way and then when we consolidate everything, it is done in a different way. so the same reason why you do not see your bonds in in the general fund, your pension

liabilities in the general fund, those are all on a full acral basis under the current accounting standards. so therefore what you are the reason why it is reversed is because it is reflected in the opening fund balance. is that correct? yes. okay. and and for this report we do not need to report it because when we spoke

on the phone when we spoke in our zoom meeting you know i asked you what was the entry and i said the entry was debit fund balance and credit the liability. all right. and and we agreed that that was the journal theoretical journal entry here. okay. and now i see the revert because that is one fund we

were talking about and now this is converting that other fund to this particular report and that is why it increases our fund balance. i think i might have misheard you on the phone or maybe i got we got the entry right on the phone and and there was some confusion, but to reverse the liability, we increase fund

balance. right. so, this is really a credit to the fund balance. correct. because it is a reversal of something we booked on another set that when we have to convert that set over to this format, it does not appear. correct. and that was that answers my question. and i said i thought this re this entry was reversed

and because of that that is why we noted before the 12.3 and then after the 12.3. okay. i understand. so thank you. okay board colleagues i just want to make sure that you know we want to be accounting experts but we do not need to get into the literal weed. so i want to make sure that we

are asking the appropriate questions. trusty santos did you have a question? well, so i do not understand why we are doing this because it seemed like that number would just be part of employees compensation. so why are we going through all this stuff? but anyway, well my i mean this is the this is the government accounting standard

board who is instructing us with this new procedure and it is in a nutshell as you gave us some information earlier this week that we are moving it from here to there on our ledger and it is literally that simple. there is no hanky panky going on. this is just the way that the the government accounting standard

is ordering us to use to be consistent with um gap, right? yes. and we are in compliance and working with our district auditors. we checked in with the chancellor's office. so, we are following all the dotting the eyes and crossing the tees. and i would also note this is a one-time item. so, it is upon implementation of

this standard. so you will not see anything on this going forward unless the standard should change again in the future which they do not. oh, it is one time. okay. not every year. no. why are we doing it now? oh, interesting. okay. i was not aware of that. all right. so, moving on to the next slide, we

will cover the unrestricted general fund overall summary. and so, i will have rosa give us a general overview. and i know we are on time. well, uh this is a new report that we haven't presented before, but basically what we have here is uh well several columns. we have the adopted budget 2425, the actuals for 2425 and

the adopted budget. uh on the middle column or well i guess the second one what i want to point out is that our beginning balance last year was uh 71.6 six. and then down below you see a number where we say is we have an ongoing surplus of and if we go a little down below it says

onetime revenues less expenditures 8,871 891. so the deficit because we have been asked a few questions about the deficit. the deficit is the difference between that 8 million 8.91 and the 3,151. that is exactly the 5.7 million deficits that we have. so basically we are decreasing our fund balance uh to uh 65.9. the number is not shown

there, but the 65.9 gets increased by the 12.3 million that we just discussed as a result of the gas fee. and that 12.3 million is just an accounting entry on this set of financial statements, which is the fund accounting, the unrestricted general fund. that 12 million is being transferred to our other set of financial statements that we

do we when we consolidate all the funds and the auditors assist us to do that and we bring that report in december. um the other one is column is the adopted budget 2526 and on that one basically uh we are uh showing the 3.1 million um deficit that we show also we are going to show that in

a little bit and you can see the fund balance the ending for the adopted budget is 71.88 or 71.9 and we are going to see that again in another report. here we have the ongoing budget assumptions and uh as we always do we start with last year's ongoing revenue budget 295 million.8 eight and just uh some highlights

here. the most important one being the 100 million that we have already talked uh joe uh talk about this. this is the 1,351 uh ftees that we we got paid as a result of these 100 million and is 10 million. and the next line item is also important because at this point we are budgeting the two point

2 2.3% increase on our rates for the student centered funding formula which is 6.5 million for this year. we have a total ongoing revenue budget of 317.2 million almost. and now we are going to go and look into the expenditures. so on our expenditures assumptions we also going to do some highlights here. the ongoing expenditure budget starting

at 288.4 million. uh we have included a 2.3% increase for all the employee groups and they are we are still negotiating. i think they settled and we are going to do the adjustment the adjust the corresponding adjustments. this was at the time we were doing the budget which has been more than a week ago. uh then we

also have here an important increase for our full-time faculty 2.5 million as a result of earning the 10 million we have to increase our faculty to meet our fund obligation and then we are also adjusting our faculty uh by about 3.3 million and then in addition within the budget as i mentioned uh we have vacancies and benefits

uh budgeted so we are working the vps with president with our president on hiring prioritization list and filling some of those vacancies and so that work is underway and at the bottom we have a 2.8 million because we have to increase our rate driven due to our increases in utilities the shortfall on our utilities was 2.3 million.

so we have a total expenditure budget of 320 million.3. and now we are going to be looking into our one time uh well actually first we are going to look at the ongoing deficit. i pointed out this on a previous slide. our total ongoing revenue less our ongoing expenditures is what makes uh the ongoing budget deficit of

3.1 million. and here we have the one-time revenue and expenditure assumptions on top. we just uh mentioned that there is three 39.9 million statewide for a 0.57% growth for mount sack that is estimated at 2.8 million if we earn the whole thing. however, mount sack does not budget for the growth until he is earn it. so, we

make a note there, but we do not budget for that. then the reversal of the cashing county treasury, this is another gas fee and this is the one that comes every year back and forth is 3.2 million. so we have total one time revenues for 3.2 and on the um expenditure side a couple of items to look

is the ope contribution. we did not make an a contribution in the 2023 24 fiscal year. so, we are making the contribution this year. and uh compensated absences, we do have uh we are no longer able to acrewue any of these expenditures on our books. so, we have to set up a pay as you go budget. now

when we have to pay for um vacation, we have to sometime cash the low banking or we have to provide back field for low banking and we also have to pay uh you know uh other expenditures for for that. so the total uh onetime expenditure budget is 5.5 million. and then um the next one is our revenue

generated accounts. we also have a question here. this is basically our self-funded um revenues and self-funded programs such as the community services program on a lot of these uh you know programs for uh our students you for different uh areas chemistry the forensic team etc. we get donations and uh fundraising money from the foundation and all that

is recorded in this fund. and uh down here is our compliance with our board policy 60 to 50. we need to have uh at least 10% of our expenditures is shown here 33 uh 33 million. and on top of that, a few years ago, we were directed by the chancellor's office to have an 18.5% when we closed

the books. and at this point, we are at 21.78 or 71.8 million. so, we are over the 18.5 required for that. one thing again to to that we want to point and we keep uh coming back to the gsb 101. the reason that we have that 21.78% is because the 12 million was included as part of that

beginning balance. eventually, it is going to go away. so, if we did not have that, we will be only at 18.53% this year. and also like to just commend uh mount sack. uh this is also a reason why we are able to take on the deferrals uh for the strong fiscal management and leadership. um quick question about

the the fund balance. um there was a comment earlier that the the district's fund balance was uh over 18.5%. and the way i heard that comment was that that is a negative. uh but that is not the case, right? it just is this is our rainy day fund. is that correct? and so the fact is that we

have increased our rainy day fund. it is now at 21.78%. and so that is a good thing. and so it is that where where we can withstand any kind of budget um destabilization. we are hoping that would help prevent any kind of potential layoffs if that is ever even a threat. this helps us with deferred maintenance, right?

and that is the reason why this board wants to be a little more conservative and increase and go beyond the 18.5%. would that be a correct statement? correct. and it allows us to support student success, invest our dollars, and support the the great work that is being done, but also to your point that you mentioned any unforeseen

fiscal conditions from the state or our legislature. um, so i think you know as we talked about transitional k that almost happened where that funding almost left the community college system and went to k12 but it then it came back. so the impact for uh our a child center for the four-year-olds that could have impacted us and

then we would have a conversation is that something that mount sack would like to continue and that gives us an opportunity but yes it is to navigate unforeseen fiscal conditions. for example, we are able to go with a deferral of 8.5 million because we have sufficient reserves. we do not have to do any borrowing and that will

not impact anyone's paycheck, uh, vacation, sick time. it is it does not impact employees or any student, anything in the classroom. so, thank you. you are welcome. question. but the fund is if you subtract the 12.3 million is actually just a tad above 18.53, right? yes. so we are not actually exceeding our board policy 6250 by any

significant amount. correct. okay. and then just in i know many of you are new, but historically what kind of deferrals has mount sachs seen? like right now we are facing a 12 11 to 12 million deferral. this is a small very very small. uh compared to other deferrals maybe going seven or eight years at least. oh my

god. the deferrals were huge. i remember when i was on the school board in hassuente the deferrals were massive. yes. you know it would be two three months that you would need to to make up. and uh it was conversations with district auditors in fund borrowing. can we borrow one time from this fund and then put it

back three months, six months down the road till we get the state payment? yes, those are challenging times. some of the board members remember uh we had to issue tr one year in 2012. we have to issue tr to be able to get through the end of the year because we only have enough cash, right? and then

we should always expect our fund balance to increase every single year if our actually our operating budget and expenses increase every year right it will move in tandem 18.5% minimum so that fund balance naturally if our expenditures and revenues are going up that fund balance will also increase correct and i think also too with the state uh

allocation is dependent so to your point yes yeah so i know some people criticize our fund balance for always increasing but we have you know our great faculty staff etc for making mount sack the kind of college that has increased enrollment uh increased uh you know a revenue but as a consequence of that well yeah then that

fund balance will also increase so it is not necessarily a negative thing or that we are hoarding and i think this also commendable to once again to mount sack this also assisted us in getting a top credit rating in our bonds um for our community members and lowering saving taxpayer dollars. so that also contributed. so the the

the fiscal stability amount sat with the reserves and any balance uh definitely helps. thank you. and so as we mentioned, santos has a quick question. five, our ending balance was 78 million. i am looking at slide what 16 but in 2425 since we settled negotiations very late for i guess 23 24 we paid in 2425 some of

the pre previous years compensation from 2425 remember we in 2425 we pay half of the retro that was from 2324. how much was that? more or less over 9 million. over 9 million. okay. so so if we would have paid that in when when it was earned we would have had 9 no. no, in 20 in 23

24 we ended up with a big um fund balance because we only pay 4.11% of the 8.22%. right? but during 2425 we have to pay that 411% that we did not pay. so our ending balance was really 65. when you are looking at the 78, it is because the 12.3 million accounting, you know, gas via standard that

we keep talking. so, it is better to look at the 65 because that is more of a realistic number. the 12.3 i know it is very confusing. difficult for uh you know it is a very technical um entry to try to explain this is the financial statements for the fund balance and this is the other financial statements

that we also have to do and kind of excuse the the fund balance. okay. but you are saying we had a deficit at the end of 2425 that we yeah, we have a 5.7 million deficit. if you added okay. but if we would have paid the compensation in 2324, we would not have had that deficit in 2425.

we maybe not, but we would have a a a smaller fund balance, a a smaller beginning balance. exactly. yeah. but we probably would not have had that. it would be more more consistent. you are correct. yeah. so at that point in time to to split it, it was determined then. but there were some scenarios whether to split

it by fiscal year. but you are correct. yeah. so if we would have paid when it was earned, we would not have had a deficit in 2425. and i think thank you to our our uh union leaders and stakeholders uh for being flexible because that helped mount sack. so, trustee, do trusty chen, do you want to allow

mr. dominguez to finish all the way and hold the questions or i have some questions, but i think it might be better if we just let you finish to the end. we are on slide what, 23 and we have about 10 more. let us go. okay, so we are wrapping up here. so, um, but yes, we are,

uh, committed to students. we are in the success of people and the people business. so 86% of our of all expenditures on the unrestricted general fund are salary and benefits. so uh from our revenue on the left hand side we get 78.2 million which is about 24% from property taxes. our educational protection account at 47.9 which is

about 15%. our state aortionment 154.2 at 48%. and then you see the smaller amounts from uh non-resident our lottery. and then uh thank you president garcia lottery will no longer be used for utilities. it'll be dedicated for educational supplies. and so we also made that adjustment. on the expenditure side uh as i mentioned we have capital outlay

uh insurance, utilities, legal supplies and materials and then our employees benefits at 24% 77.7 million. our classified salaries at 73.2 at 22% and our academic salaries at 133.1 at 40%. and then in in summary as a whole the big picture so what we connected on was on the unrestricted general fund but i thought it was important to

highlight the other funds that we have and oversee and we are public fiscal stewards of these funds and we want to make sure that we maintain fiscal solveny. so here's a summary of all the funds there. and so at total for 2526 190.6 million. and then for future budget challenges as i mentioned uh the tax structure on

the higher income the small group of higher income taxpayers were u reliant on that and that is also a challenge. inflation as cost of operations and goods rise uh here in california. and then the fiscal uh policy turbulence uh that we are going through from trio pel adult ed uh be becoming or um we still are a

hsi institution but we no longer get the federal funding for it. uh starting 2526 the annual cost of living adjustments uh the cola student centered funding formula are set to expire. um for declining or districts that are um stagnant, that is going to be a bigger challenge. uh for growing districts, uh that'll be helpful, but i mean,

it is just a challenge overall. and i mentioned the parking revenue, the the 1.2 shortfall. so, that'll be uh from our general fund. and then no deferred maintenance uh funding or instruction equipment. and i know the lobbyists are are reaching out to the governor and the legislature uh when is it going to be reinstated? so, but as

of right now 2526 that is not in there. and then uh kudos to the trustees and our president continuing funding oped contribution and our retirees health premiums and healthcare costs and want to say thank you. open it up to additional questions. an ongoing uh challenge for us. what is the feeling um about it? i mean, is it

that it is crucial? i i think um of course, but how's the governor and some of the legislators perceiving it? i believe um they are definitely hearing that it is a challenge. uh they are talking about maybe a smaller portion of the educational equipment um facilities funding, but those are just conversations. nothing's been set. so, i think

it is some of them actually thinking that local entities should cover that. i think that is the piece uh it is on our own right now and so local colleges are covering their own. so that is been the what we have been trying to do and we do cover quite a bit of it anyway but we cover

a very portion i from my understanding and looking at the previous budget documents i think it was like 20 million plus in previous years and so we are only chipping in a sliver of that. i think trusty uh chow has four questions. i'd like you to scroll back to your page 19 and i am just trying to

understand the cash flow for our budget. okay? and i am trying to keep it as simple as possible. the page 19, if everything is actual, i am going to assume budget and actual are going to be close. okay. we are going to burn through 3.1 million of cash with the current existing budget. okay. is that a reasonable

comment? yes, we are going to have 320. then we have then i am going to and all the next screen the one time only are not not part of the 3.1 is that correct? yes, they are not part and therefore the positive this cashing county this has no impact on our cash flow because this is a book

entry mark to market for our bonds. correct. yes, it is a cash entry. okay. no impact on cash flow. but you have omitted in here being conservative as you are the skiff increases. right. so we are going to leave that off right now. okay. so, so right now we are at 3.1 million negative cash. no, one time

only positive cash. of the 5.5 million, is this all negative cash or do we take out the gazsby 101 on because all these are one time only expenditures which will require cash. yes, we will pay those. so, i should i include the 5.5 million of cash burn here? is that an accurate statement? yes. okay. so, now we

are up to 8. we are at 3.1 + 5.5. we are at 8.6 million negative cash burn here. okay. and then we go to the next screen. and this is some other operations we have that you know it is and this thing says the expenditures are going to exceed our revenues by 1 million. correct. yes. therefore we

go up to $9 some odd million dollar cash burn. correct. based upon this budget. correct. and that is the end. so, we are if the budget is as you project it to be, we are going to burn through 9.1 million of cash in the next year. and we some of it will be offset by the governor's other

monies, but we haven't accounted for it yet, right? but still, this is 9.1 million of cash that within this budget we are going to burn through and our reserves are only 71 million. okay. this seems like an excessive burn. okay. i am a little concerned. now you included in this budget in this 9 some odd million burn

we have deferred maintenance of about 5 million. is that correct? yes. okay. now we have a bond that has deferred maintenance built in. correct? because i remember we had deferred maintenance on the bond in the bond monies. so is this deferred maintenance and is it in addition to what we have allocated in our measure v or you

know measure v bond. yes. and and so so my concern to the board is based upon this before whatever windfall we get from the state and the the windfall from the state in this last year was 10 million and we believe it is maybe 5 million for the next year. is that a reasonable projection that the state

is going to give us for increases in enrollment? are you talking about the growth? yeah, for growth 2.8. okay. but it is possible that it could be more. okay. so, so we are saying we are at the 9 million is set. we are going to burn through 9.1 million of cash. based upon what i am seeing here,

we might have 2.8 to offset it. is this an acceptable budget? i have a little difficult time with this. so some of the items that i mentioned uh we have to as we are working on the prioritization list of vacancies. another opportunity is reduction of utility costs. uh the commitment from the general fund of the 1.9 to

parking um increasing facility rentals. so how do we offset those cost impact? um, another uh piece of that is our um workers comp and uh leaves and work making sure how we uh can be more proactive with campus safety training etc to reduce the amount of injuries um on work time. so that is a component and then

as i mentioned uh and partnering up in collaboration not on our own is with instruction and other leadership about uh as we budgeted approximately 16 positions to meet the fawn faculty hire but we have 3.1 million of hourly faculty that just bumped up and so there is an opportunity there if we are hiring full-time faculty in theory

you would reduce the hourly, but that is work that still has to be done. so, that is also um underway right now. so, my question to mr. dominguez and mroy is do you have within the parameters of what we have here? do you think you could squeeze out and reduce our expenditures by $7 million? i mean, that

seems like a lot of money. or are are we as a board going to approve this and we will live with a $9 million cash burn of out of our reserves because that is in theory what is going to happen here. yeah. so, we are committed to making sure that we maintain fiscal solveny and we make adjustments.

we have to and and i think because this $9 million cannot continue year in and year out. you are correct. and then as i mentioned previous, we have to do better at communicating the fiscal stance of the district and explain in detail because it is uh can be difficult to follow. but we do need to uh enhance

communication where we can work together because i cannot do this on my own. i will be upfront and honest. this is a collaborative effort with all the departments and and you know we are talking about reductions but there is also an opportunity where do we enhance revenue and i think with the skiff model and what we have

how do we increase certificates how do we increase so there is also opportunity and and i will uh okay you i think you hit it on the head here if our skiff goes up all right let us say our student enrollment goes up how much can we increase revenue right because here the assumption here is that your

revenues here at 317 million assumes flat enrollment at this point in time. what is the underlying assumption here? so flat enrollment and but we know with this slide right here the governor and legislature gave us some money to fund unfunded full-time equivalent students. how much is that? so there is a question mark that 810 810 is unfunded

right now. how much is that worth dollar-wise? approximately probably about 4 to 5 million. okay. so it theoretically if we have an enrollment of 810 additional full-time equivalent students, right? that would be another four or$5 million and that would cover our burn theoretically and uh the funding from the state from the governor the legisle and assuming we

get funded. how is it that we did not get paid for these 810? i do not understand that. i thought we earned it. we we hit a cap. we capped. okay. all right. so, we are a victim of our own success here. correct. thank you. i would say the the success the of our programs and students enrolling

i mean it is a beautiful thing but the state and the legislature and their funding formula is capped at that amount and right now has our cap is our cap going to increase in the current fiscal year. so now the new base has been implemented. so this is our current uh funding unless the governor and legislature increase

to cover the unfunded. so right now we are not projected to be funded for the additional 810 or if we grow say 2,000 more students that'll be unfunded. unfunded, right? yes. so we are at the cap at this point in time. yes. so it is like not in our best interest to grow. is that correct? because we

are going to incur more costs and not get paid. is that a correct statement? i will defer to um not necessarily. so, we were just funded that that is why i mentioned we were just given the governor and legislature approved 2425 to go back in time and do a catchup. and i do not know the just justification

or reasoning. i i was not in the chambers at at sacramento, but that was unique for them to do that to go back in time and say community college districts, we are going to help you out for 2425 and give you a chunk of money for 2526. that is never been done before. well, i have to believe,

if i may, that when dr. garcia, myself, i think dr. adalgo or dr. bucko, we went and we and telling them we are actually we have more students than we are getting paid for. and that was one of our key messages. i have to believe that there was that influenced and i know excuse me the the department

of finance particularly were very curious to have us explain further our challenge. i i need to have one more comment. you know it it is not on your slides as in the other you know we talked about this we we we had a net operating loss of the past fiscal year 630 630 uh25 at 6 5.7 million

correct 5.7 million of which when i reverse out five million for an acral for uh for deferred maintenance and 1.9 million for progress theoretically were positive cash about a million in our past fiscal year. okay. so, i am okay with that. but i think as a board we sort of have to take a leap of faith here

that we are not going to burn through $9 million. but i am i have a little difficult time with that leap of faith. i do not know how my fellow trustees feel here. i have faith in our exceptional staff. if you would guess like so from 2425 to let us see we had okay 2425 all our money

it was 979 million and then it shows that for 2526 it is only going to be 890. i do not believe it. well, i think it is a conservative budget and at the end because that is what always happens we ended up we always end up with more so let me clarify so this is a point in

time and what i am going to explain here for example the bond construction uh we just got an amazing credit rating uh selling bonds so that 204 and we are just proposing a 250 draw down so that number is going to bump up so this is a point in time uh on our unodudited actuals and our adopted

budget, but then it is going to change and then we will bring it back and we will update and explain the change. so, you are saying the 8.90 is going to bump up. it is going to bump up. but, but bond dollars, for example, bond dollars can only be used for specific reasons. we cannot use that on.

so, yes. yeah. right. board colleagues, we want to try to wrap this up. are there any questions over here on this side? trustee chan hagerty, student trustee. i know your student trustee is very interested in the details of this budget, right? i know dr. yeah. okay. uh i heard that. i will take that. the the questions being

called. um with that, we will cease discussion and we will then move for a vote. so the item has been moved and seconded. we have had our discussion and presentation. thank you so much for going through these slides and and responding so appropriately. so we will now go for a vote. student trustee. i approve. all those in

favor say i. any opposed? any abstensions? hearing none. motion carries. thank you very much. all right. we will now move over to our consent agenda. uh there are a number of items that have been presented that are routine in nature. uh board colleagues, are there any items that need to be pulled from the consent agenda items? hearing

none. is there a motion for approval? it is been moved by dr. baka. is there a second? it is been seconded by trustee chen. all uh student trustee. i approve. all those in favor say i. any opposed? abstensions? motion carries. great. that takes us straight over to gita. anybody want that? okay. yeah. um, we are now, goodness

gracious, we are zipping down to board reports. all right. item 15.01 on the agenda. student trustee. we will start with you. so, happy fall everyone. i have been close working closely with um the associated students. um, we were planning on actually potentially writing new legislation for basic needs as i have heard that there have been like several

complaints about it not being able to um accommodate for so many students. so, um it is still in the works and we are still collaborating with basic needs, but hopefully um we can um try to add more donations to that area by having like a little donation box for um that students will see while they are registering

for classes. um and then additionally um we would also like associated students would like to work with um the board of trustees and they would like to host more like um student forums. so um that we kind of want to uh we be able to include the campus community and the decision- making and um that is pretty

much it. that is pretty much it for all i have to say, but wonderful. thank you very much. uh, trusty chen haggerty. um, i want to congratulate those um, newly hired, promoted, and best wishes to the retiree. uh, special congratulation to joe jennum and, uh, his team. um well what a wonderful achievement. august 15 i attended the

uh classify professional development day and that was very um exciting. all the speech from the vps and uh dr. garcas were very inspiring and um congratulation to all the president's award winners and especially dr. oio. uh thank thank you for your 30 some years of service. um, i think that blockbuster t-shirt, if any of you there was

really a hit and i i wish i have one, but um i think we have to remember um the lesson from blockbuster. you know, i know many of us took our kids every friday after school. it is all at blockbuster uh choosing movie tapes and um so i guess you know the the management did not see you

know lack of uh vision or whatever did not see the the development of uh entertainment trend and all that that is why they disappear. i think we need to remember that. um just on the sign our student trustee she has no idea you do not know even no uh blockbuster no more i think you know the management

did not read that book you know who moved my cheese you know any of that book um but any of you know your kids choose from beta to vhs you do not even know what that is do you know why beta lost to vhs, right? beta take gone. anybody have the answer? if someone have, i take you

to lunch. the reason was the pornography industry that was the reason why beta tape were gone. okay, back on that note. thank you, trusty jenerty. very powerful industry. all right. thank you for our lesson for today. all right. is there more? okay. wait, there is more. august 20th, uh, i attended the new student welcome, uh, 22nd, the

fall flex day welcome luau and september 8th, uh, this monday, the uh, roland high coordinating council uh, meeting. and i i am very impressed. the roland unified school district, the superintendent, uh, alex is always there and i think, you know, he remain uh, connected with the, uh, community every month and and really gain a lot of support,

especially, you know, when you need to pass the pawn on or whatever. so, um, that ends my report. thank you. thank you, trusty chen. ah, yes. uh, a big uh welcome to our newly hired um full-time faculty. it was always it was just so impressive speaking with the the few that i got a chance to talk to

and um their backgrounds are very impressive. you can definitely tell the communications professors are really good at what they do when they came up here. it is just very very impressive and no wonder our students, you know, go on to win all these awards and and uh speech and debate. so, welcome and congratulations to our outstanding athletics

department for um bringing home the national uh basically championship for community colleges for the second time and hopefully we can repeat. i hear that we have a lot of returning students coming back from some of these championship teams. in terms of events i attended, i attended the new students welcome which was fantastic just to be in that

room packed to capacity to see all these faces there and know that that was just the second one. you know, we had two of those. so to to see all these students there ready to start their um uh college careers at mount sack was really great and our staff was fantastic as well um introducing them to everything

that our college has to offer. i got to attend the asian-american drug abuse program, gayla, and it was actually held at la trade tech, and the entire event was catered by their uh culinary arts facility, and i got to say, it was one of the the best banquet meals i have had. i was really impressed. it was

a hawaiian luau style, and they had kala pork, uh pokey, they had all these things. so, i i have no doubt that our culinary facilities, our culinary program can rise to that level. and it is um good to see that the cafe 91 is coming back for um inerson dining. and it is my goal that you know,

mount sack becomes and our our um our student center and the large space there becomes an area where people will consider for for big events like that as well. i think that would be really great for the community if we um could offer that at some point. i also attended the shili temple uh three acts of goodness

opening ceremony. this is their 10th year of providing this um this class and you know just in this and what they talk about you know three acts of goodness. it is not a religious teaching. it is something that is universal. uh say good words, do good acts, and think good thoughts. and i think given all the turmoil

that we are experiencing in this country now, it is just needed more than ever. um that type of that type of outreach and it goes to the kids, right? and sometimes you see adults acting in ways that you would not want our students uh to emulate and it is very sad. sometimes i i have my kids watch

the news to tell them this this is exactly what you do not want to be. you know, i i use that as a teaching moment and it should not be that way. so that is it is sad that we are at that point. i do want to mention the the sheila temple. they have they mentioned to me

that they would love to partner with mount sack and offer um meditation courses or or you know anything you know that we might think we can partner with them on. so i will connect them with you dr. garcia about ways that they could benefit our our student body or even our our faculty and staff. that is my

report. thank you. thank you very much, trusty jen. dr. um just want to congratulate our uh newly tenured professors. great to speak with some of them out there and just kind of hear their stories. um and just great to add to our already great faculty. so uh congratulations to them. um, and i also want to thank our

um, school of continuing ed and some of the work that they have done. i know there was a problem with an mo with theou with the county for our older adults program. so, my mom is a student in that program. so, she called me right away and was wondering what was going on. so, i got on the

phone, started making phone calls. so, i appreciate uh the efforts made to uh make sure that those uh was it a few hundred students that were impacted uh were able to be uh relocated with and i think the city of la point was very accommodating. so, um just uh thankful for um everyone helping out with that and

making sure that our our older adults, you know, have a place to take their their classes. so, just want to thank for that. and then um uh i know this friday uh dr. garcia and myself will be on a a panel in san diego for the california latino school boards association um talking about uh vision 2030 and

uh it is traditionally been um an association for k12 latino school board members. um and uh i have been working with some of the folks there. i used to be on that board when i was in the k12 and we are really working to make it more of a k14 um partnership so that um there is just

u more communication and uh more resources and and more advocacy out there for uh k12s and and community colleges especially now with all the programs that are linking our high schoolers in terms of uh pathway program cte pathways and dual enrollment. um so there is a much different perspective now than there was probably 1015 years ago. so

uh anyway looking to um continue to advocate for um our our incoming students you know as well as our own students and kind of share our knowledge with some of the k12 uh trustees throughout the state. so um looking forward to to sharing that. i think dr. roman is also on uh the panel from lacccd and then

david villa, one of the u trustees also with lacccd. um and and linda vasquez from the chancellor's office. yeah. so um a lot of a lot of uh heavyweights there. um so looking forward to that. that concludes my comments. thank you, dr. trusty santos. um, so, um, i' i have still been doing the local protests. um, and

we got through 10 balman park concerts in the park without it. it was nerve-wracking, but without ice appearing. and i have to tell the other trustees about what happened at bowwin park's uh, 5k. uh, it was like the 30th annual. it was on a saturday. i arrived at 700 a.m. oh my god. i was so happy. there

were four mount sack tables at the event and i was so happy. so excited. uh i think i scared everybody because i went up to them and i was saying, "i did not know you were here. how'd you get here? what happened?" and um so they were like, you know, and and uh and then they told me,

well, the city invited us. so i went over to the city staff, how did you do this? how'd you get four tables here? and who did that? who invited jenny did it? so i went up to jenny. jenny, what happened? how did you get mount sack? and she said, well, i i you know, i called mount sack

and they had me fill out a form. i said, so i went back to the mount sacks, what where is this for? so evidently, you know, and i am, you know, to me, jenny was a miracle worker. i had to go tell her supervisor and the city manager, you know, jenny's a miracle worker. i could not have.

and the city manager, he said, "oh, i thought you got them." i said, "no, that was jenny." so i went back to the staff. they told me that there is a form. so evidently, there is a new process. and i am so glad the city did this because i know if i would have done it, i would

have gone to dr. garcia's office and then i talked to joe monroe and they would say, "oh yeah, you could have a table." and i would have got one table out there. so what i learned from our staff is that there is a new process and there is a online form where if a community there is event

you fill it out and they circulate the form among all the departments and they decide if they want to attend. so, um, so let let all your, you know, community organizations know. and like i said, i am so glad she did it instead of i because i could not have got four tables out there. and i do

not know if it is a new process u that um dr. castro or dr. garcia put together, but oh, i love it. so, that was that is so exciting to me. and i have been letting my organizations know here's a link to the form if you want somebody to show up. um and then yes uh thank you

trustee santos. there is a there is a new form. it is located on our website to provide easy access and what i can do for next board meeting is include it in my student services slides so that you all have access. yeah. what is the name of that page? it is community. i will uh i will look

it up and then also provide it to you all. yeah. and you know, but so anyway, i am so excited about that. um also, okay, so i went to um ibw annual barbecue and you always meet exp construction experts in different areas. so, i am looking forward to sharing that the ideas i ran into with dr. garcia

when i meet with her next week. um, and although i prefer local events, i love going to the wilmington labor day march and picnic. um, which i i went to and i enjoyed this year. now, all the colleges that have labor studies were there. ucla, ali, uh, not um, treyek, uh, dominguez, and i brought little postcards to

share that i forgot to bring today, but i will bring them for everybody, including professor anders. uh, because um, although i know it is not in my scope, i i would love to see labor studies at mount sack. um, i also attended the new student welcome. um, oh, and then after um the faculty flex day, i met

a csea employee. i cannot remember her name. i think it was tiffany. um, and she was popping balloons and taking them down. and i asked her, uh, is all that stuff going to the landfield? and, and i am so happy i made that comment to her because i ran into a likeminded person. i mentioned my concerned about

balloons pollution on the dice, but i never got traction. so, it is nice to know to run into somebody else in the world that see seems the same to me. and um and i know i am not crazy. and that is my report. a thank you very much, trusty santos. uh dr. santos this much about a form.

well, i always feel like i am in causing extra work and i could just well, you got your form. um the the the sports program here uh just excellent and and we had the current ad and assistant ad and the coaches some of here but mount sack really been built from decades past. so there is a lot

of people that have contributed to really create a great tradition and over the years it is just improved. adding the academic support uh uh for athletes just is unique uh uh you know among the community colleges in the state. it is a very strong program. i think we are not only having great athletes but also um uh

scholars as well. so, that is a great thing and it is great to see the new energy here with the newly hired faculty and uh looking forward to 30 years of teaching. you know, i wish them really well. uh there is been a lot of advocacy for the nursing program and the community colleges and i know dr.

garcia has done additional work with the chancellor christian on this but trustee peter hilago and i and she met with lisa calderon the assembly member to try to get her to support it. we need to get the the governor's signature so that uh the community colleges get the uh nursing balariat uh approved and we can award that

and who knows maybe we we will be one of the campuses. uh there has been a revision. i think there was 15 pilots. now it is 10, but you know, we will see how it goes. uh dr. garcia and i also hosted uh dr. monte perez from from east la college. uh he wanted to tour the campus

uh you know because they are doing a lot of stuff. he just wanted to to meet with us and um tour our facilities because he heard a lot about it. um i did attend the the mount sack flex day and it is quite a cool coup that we managed to get the chancellor to be here. she was

wonderful in the presentation and and you know a lot of as always a lot of good activities uh for the faculty on that day. uh i just got back from santa clara the future summit yesterday. i had the foundation executive board meeting. uh that foundation is just doing really really really well. it is providing support from throughout

the state. uh i sit on a couple of committees including the investment oversight for uh the osher scholarship and the nursing scholarship programs and it is amazing. i mean our our um uh advisers on that uh really uh stretch that money and you know year after year we are awarding osher scholarships and nursing scholarships throughout the state.

uh this morning uh i had to fly back uh so it is still ongoing but i i did stick around uh or or attend early this morning. lee lambert who is a chancellor up in that area and sonia christian uh presented and um you know she is just a really a wonderful presenter in terms of laying out

the plan and so they the focus really was on ai and workforce development around ai. um and like i said they are still meeting it'll go on tomorrow as well. and lastly, i did attend the mount sack football game this this saturday. we are two and0 and it was a close call because mount san diego mesa college

is a very good football team, but we did pull it out. that is it. thank you, dr. baka. uh, trustee cow, i do not have much to report. i normally have a story to tell, but i do not have a story to tell because i only went to very limited items. uh, my only comment tonight, i am

normally positive, but tonight, mr. dominguez, you sort of put a splash of cold water on me, and i know you are the messenger, but thank you for presenting tonight along with miss royce. okay, i appreciate it. i hope that we were able to find a way to shave down our budget a little bit and uh be self-sufficient.

i think it is really important for the future of the college. and that pretty much concludes my remarks. thank you, trusty jao. for me, um i am going to use one word to summarize a a couple of words. and uh my month what first one is pride. second parks. third one is push-ups. and pigkin is my fourth

one. what the heck does this mean? first, um well, yeah, you are right. they are all four ps. you are right. but the first one was i got to tour the brand new new and improved pride center. the new pride center space is located just right here. and it and they i love how they just say it

loud and clear that every student belongs. i love the stylish furniture. i love how big it is. and so it is i was very pleased and and i was so honored that they would just walk me through and and introduce me to everybody. um park. i got the honor uh of putting on an mc hat for uh

la county supervisor ila solis as she uh did a groundbreaking for a remarkable brand new the the pente hills regional park. i do not know if you remember for those of you who've been in our area in la point, there was that la point landfill, the hills landfill that was a huge eyesore and um it is now

being reconverted. it is been remediated and it is now going to be a beautiful park. so, i got to mc an event uh for her at that location just this last saturday. there was a great crowd. it was a historic day. and yeah, i even survived the shovels grounding uh the shovel ceremony without tripping. so that was

very cool. and then um the other part is um push-ups. i got to my wife and i got to join professor lorraine jones and did a fitness class on a friday afternoon at 1 and for an hour we were doing burpees and push-ups and uh sprints and my wife loved it. she kicked our butt and it was

so fun to hang out with csea employees, with faculty for that lunchtime and do that. and i encourage all of you and in fact i am encouraging dr. garcia to join us one time. and then lastly um uh this coming friday and thank you dr. garcia and dr. castro and team. um, in my neck of the woods,

uh, bonito unified school district has its annual huge rivalry football game between sand deas high school and leverne's bonita high school. sandus and bonita. they it is a rivalry game. they they normally go to citrus college, but they are going to mount sack and we are thrilled. and there is going to be like 10,000 people, guarantee you,

who are going to come. it is that kind of a draw. and that is going to be this coming friday night. so, it is rivalry, it is community, and friday night lights all rolled into one. it is so fantastic. so, that is my report, and i will now turn it over to dr. garcia. thank you. i want

to start by uh once again welcoming the new faculty. it is amazing to see their energy, their excitement, and i look forward to continue to get to know them. i had the privilege of participating in in their final uh interviews and i am just really grateful that they have selected mount sack. want to start by sharing exciting

news uh and thanking bp uh dominguez. um we sold $250 million in bonds yesterday and to see that happen in real time uh was amazing. this is the barclays uh building in new york city. and um i want to share that we had 65 unique investors interested in purchasing the bonds for mount sack. uh our credit credit

rating is very important. um and obviously it is during this process that it is highlighted the most. um from because we had that uh amount of interest from different investors and frankly like um there was a lot more interest in purchasing than than what we had available to sell. what happened between pre-pricing and when we um approved

the final pricing was a reduction of 10 to 20 basis points in absolute yield which resulted in $9 million in savings to our taxpayers. so it is evident that spending the time and working very closely with um our team, the team that obviously our lead um which is barclays and including the other um team members from the

other um companies resulted in us coming to um the final approval of those uh rate and ultimately what will result in savings to the community. on september 25th, barclays will transfer $250 million to the county of la. so really really um grateful um to our community for their belief in us and this is how we return their

trust in us by trying to do everything that we can to save money that ultimately they will pay. um, and i look forward to um bringing a an an action item for consideration during the spring to to re refinance some of the current bonds and ultimately save uh additional funding uh to our community. i want to thank

our um campus chief uh police chief and the team um the campus police team because they have a substant station in building 410 room 1085a and um i believe some some of the board members have had the opportunity to see that they are truly trying to connect with students and this is another way of being proactive. so

really thankful to them. uh in regards to hr, there are several events uh that are highlighted in in uh relation to professional development for our team members and um it was mentioned that uh chancellor christian was here to to conduct the keynote for flex. so fle the uh flex day and classified professional development day. it is a

collaborative effort. so i just want to thank pod tremendously under hr and here you will have an opportunity to see the other events that took place in relation to professional development for our team members. so thank you and uh instruction healing centered engagement uh faculty workshop took place on july 16th. 30 professors representing 21 different departments completed

this training and i am just really thankful for their commitment to healing centered engagement and to everyone that collaborated to provide this opportunity in regards to uh the school of technician medical assistant apprenticeship um programs we see the results results of 2068 registered apprentices and just uh really excited to see the opportunities for our students. uh student

services uh it was mentioned the new student welcome was mentioned and um we see the number of the students that participated on day one, day two and there was a 28% increase in comparison to 2024. it was amazing to be in the space with our new students. and then i will just continue on to um sharing some

of the monthly activities. um i will highlight the obviously our new students always always i it was amazing to welcome them on the first day and to see their excitement. they are some of them nervous but um just really amazing. but i will end with this slide. i in supporting as mentioned by trusty vaka um chancellor uh

christian with advocacy for ab1400. we did um uh meet with some of the sia who is the lead uh assembly member leading this this bill. um, and these are my ceo colleagues and chancellor christian who were all there to support and advocate for ab1400 and we continue to support her um and hopeful that we are successful. so

that concludes my uh presentation. i i there is additional events that i attended um locally and i am just really grateful to everyone for everything that you do. i want to acknowledge the management uh team members who were recognized during the last management staff meeting. so, thank you all. have a wonderful night and look forward to this

fall semester. thank you. and uh before we adjourn, i just want to report that um the uh october board meeting will be moved from wednesday, october 8th to monday, october 6th. so, uh, we will officially post that at our, uh, study session on saturday, but we are just giving you an advanced notice that, um, the board meeting

for october will be monday, an unusual day, monday, october 6. and, uh, uh, we will be meeting on that afternoon. but with that, i believe we um, uh, have no further discussion. so, i will adjourn [music] turn it up. [music]
