good evening. my name is brian hagerty. i am the chair of the el paso community college board of uh trustees and like to welcome everyone to our monthly meeting. anyone following along on the internet, you can go to youtube.com uh bell call call the order please. yes, sir. mr. uxer here. mrs. robas here. miss nah is not

here. dr. graham here. mrs. moy here. mr. mendes here. mr. hagerty here. we all see you for the pledge of to the flag of the stands, one nation, indivisible, liberty andice for all. okay. and i'd like to welcome everyone to our monthly meeting. bel, can we start off with 1.4? 4 approval of minutes. there is none. item

1.5 welcome to guests and staff members. item 1.6 open forum. we do have one judge. roberto gara will address the board regarding the purple heart chapter appreciation of epcc. good afternoon. afternoon. my name is commander roberto garza of the military order of purple heart, lonear chapter 393. it is truly a privilege to be here today. i want

to express my deepest gratitude to el paso community college and specifically the trans mountain campus, carl dwire, the veterans resource center, and the student veterans of america chapter. your generosity in allowing us to use the trans mountain campus auditorium for our national purple heart day ceremony is deeply appreciated. that event was about honoring our purple heart recipients,

those brave men and women who have made immense sacrifices for our freedom. providing this space allowed us to give them the recognition they so rightfully deserve. it is a testament to epcc's commitment to our veteran community and a powerful demonstration of your support. your support goes beyond just the physical space. it shows a genuine partnership. this ceremony

is a vital tradition and your collaboration made it possible for us to come together and reflect on the true meaning of service and sacrifice. so from all of us, thank you for your commitment to honoring our heroes. thank you for your commitment to el paso and the veterans capital of the usa. your actions speak volumes and truly

make a difference. thank you. thank you, sir. section 1.7 presentations by individuals, groups, and organizations. item 1.7.1, mr. rene d pñena, cpa, principal shareholder of pñena bjones mcdaniel and co will present audit results regarding the student success endowment scholarship. good afternoon everyone. thank you for allowing me to present this. um where with painting of rionis mcdaniel as

he said and we were charged to do what is called an agreed upon procedure uh the board a couple years ago ordered that um a student endowment success fund uh be created and then we ordered to look at the attributes that were challenged to the management and see if they were done and so what i have in

front of you and do not worry i am not going to go through every word on every page, but i'd like to just give a quick synopsis of each of the directives. the board said to do this, did they do it? the board just said to do that, did they do that? so, i will quickly run through

some of these, but i will pay attention to one specific item of specific interest. so, first of all, the student success endowment fund. on april 2023, the board directed the college to create a student success endowment fund. the fund was created on may uh 28,25. the board of trustees received an amendment to that establishment and the amendment

is uh required that the 90% of the original interest that was originally stated shall be used for scholarship to say shall be allocated to scholarships. so basically instead of ordering every year you have to do this every year we are going to allocate the interest to it. and then secondly the amendment modified the original language to be

um to be directed at the discretion of the executive committee instead of bringing it to the full board. so relieving the full board of that requirement and both of those were done um as required. so moving on to the next one, the establishment of the endowment. uh the objective was to determine if the college did establish an

endowment. and the final observation was yes, the student success endowment fund was created on august 30th of 2023. and that date does become important a little bit later. um the next one were deposits of funds. we are giving you $30 million. the objective was to verify that $30 million was deposited into the student success endowment fund. and

what we did determine or identify is that the initial deposit into the endowment fund was made on august 28th of 2024 for 33 million 37317. the original $30 million uh plus acred interest from the date that the funds were received of 3 so the entire amount from the date of inception to the date that the fund was

established was transferred into the endowment fund. the next one was the investment of the funds. the objective was to verify that they were vest invested based on the directive of the board of dire of directors and on the observation on the next page was that on august 28th the funds were transferred to local government pool. this was

back on 28 of of 24 to the text pool and the remainder of the account as of august 24 was there uh before the transfer the funds were held in the text pool account with the college funds. so they were co-mingled but tracked separately. so even though the funds were not transferable into the fund um originally they

were tracked separately. so yes, the investment funds are uh followed with the board directives. uh was an executive committee established and as required by the trustees and the answer is yes. on february 29, 2024, the board of trustees appointed the executive committee of the student success endowment fund. keeping on going a scholarship selection committee and on top

of the executive committee that the president was directed to appoint a committee that directly reports to the executive committee. and again on the next page the observation that was that during the first executive committee meeting on 2024 uh the scholarship select committee was established on april 29th 2024. the team developed the eligibility scholarship criteria. the scholarship committee

then first met with the executive committee on may of 2024 to discuss the eligibility and the scholarship selection committee was present with the executive committees on the upcoming meetings. so the answer is yes that objective was achieved. uh then uh presentation by the executive committee to the board of directors again uh to determine that at the first

meeting of the board of directors uh that the and at the annual meetings a report would be presented basically part of what i am doing now the executive committee first did present to the board of trustees um on september 24 of 20 september 24th of 2024 u so the presentation was they again object to completed a presentation

by the executive committee to the boards to the college president to determine that the executive committee was providing a report to the president and the board of trustees at least annually and again the observation was that the first presentation by the executive committee to the board of trustees was done on september of 2024 objective achieved. um then

the corpus fund the objective was to verify that the corpus fund was not spent um the objective to verify the corpus funds were not spent during the fiscal year of 2024. the observation was that and this is the corpus. the observation is that the $30 million of the corpus initial donation was made on 2021. the board resolution

stated that the student success fund should transfer the funds uh and they were transferred on august of 2024 for the 33 million37 that i mentioned earlier. the fund included interest earned and they were tracked separately in the accounting records since the donation was received. the 33 million includes interest earned since the date the donation was made. as

of august 2024, the text pool account had the full 33,056. so yes, the 33 million corpus was retained and the extra $3 million is also in there. then the next one, this is where if i can spend a little bit of time because we will need a i think there'll be a presentation for suggestion from the board.

an allocation of scholarship and determination of the funds available. the objective was to verify that 90% of the interest acred during the fiscal year ending august 24 from the student success endowment fund was allocated to the scholarships to students of the el paso community college. the issue is that this is saying that 90% of the interest earned

from the student success endowment fund. well, the success endowment fund was created a few couple years after the initial deposit. so if you jump down to the observation, the first scholarship awarded from the student success fund is done in the subsequent year october of 2024. so, no scholarships were awarded during this fiscal year. but if you will

jump down, the resolution states that 90% of any interest accured every fiscal year from the student success endowment fund should be allocated to the scholarship. of the 3,184 that is the interest earned from the date the funds were received and the to the date that the deposit was made of the 3,100 1,79 actually represents interest earned from

the date of inception to the date that the fund was actually created. the remaining 1,475 represents interest earned prior to the date of the creation of the student success fund. so what we are doing is splitting hairs here that the the funds were deposited. it earned $3 million, but well not but 1.4 million of that $3 million

was earned prior to the establishment of the fund. and because the resolution says earnings from the fund should be allocated to the um to the scholarship, a question arises what happens to the 1 million400 that was earned prior to the establishment of fund picking words here and splitting airs. so i think to make everything so that the

board or management knows what to do with those 1.4 four. the question arises, should this pre-establishment of fund earnings be put into the corpus of the $3 million or can it, and i believe that is probably what the board wanted, or can it go into the scholarship available interest for scholarships? and that is going to be question

that'll be brought up to you a little bit later. so hopefully i explained that well. okay. um and then the very same thing on the allocation of the emergency fund that 9% to verify of the interest for the from the start student scholarship fund um is put aside for emergencies. no emergency funds were uh distributed at that

time. and again we need to know what to do with the 1,49% of that. and then finally on the last one the allocation of reinvestment to the uh corpus and that was to verify that 1% of the interest accured um would be kept and added to the corpus and again the oppos observation is that yes uh the

first presentation of the board was uh made on september 24 and the funds were um deposited. then uh the corporate funds to verify the corporate funds were not spent during the year. no, the 30 million uh is intact including the 1%. and then allocation and determination of funds available finally to verify that 90% of the interest accured

during the year ended august 24 from the student endowment fund was allocated to the scholarship um to scholarships for this programs and again down at the end u we are stating that the first scholarships awarded were in the subsequent year which is october of 2024 and again, the 90% and the uh 9% 1% uh are in the

fund. the resolution needs to determine clearly what happens, what we should be doing with the funds that were originally um earned. and finally, approval of contracts to verify that the executive committee had prior approval from the board of trustees for uh contracts. and the observation is that the executive committee did not enter into any contracts as of

august 31st, 2024. so hopefully i did not read through that too fast, but i did not want to take too much of your time. so bottom line is all the objectives were met. uh the only question is clarification on the interest earned prior to the establishment of the scholarship fund. and that is my story. any questions, ladies

and gentlemen? yes, sir. yeah, i have one. so, we are talking about 3.1 mil in interest allocated 1.4 4 prior to establishment of the legal authority and 1.7 uh now controlled and so i am trying to get a a concept for a couple of questions first of all dr. sado or are you the 1.7 million okay is

allocated to scholarships in that particular fiscal year were all of those funds allocated no sir okay so there was that leads a question when they say they shall be allocated what happened what do we where does that if does it go back into the the uh we will maintain it in a scholarship fund for students so we

maintained a scholarship fund uh independent uh it does not go back to the original does not go back into the corpus. correct. so if we now then my suggestion is that if we did not use all that money for the scholarship and we have 1.4 four million that we need to melt, to handle. it is a one-time

thing and we are going to be and my position is okay that a 1% return of uh interest back to the basic deal is probably insufficient compared to a two to five, two to three, two to four, whatever your particular deal is, is that this is a one-time shot. we have the we have the procedure, the policy

to move it forward from here on after that. will allocate the funds of that particular year to scholarships and we did not do not allocate all the funds to the scholarships so there is money left over. so if we do the keep 1.4 we are going to have a lot more left over. let us so let us

tuck the 1.4 back into the original and uh and just have the scholarship fund benefit from that one a one-time advantage. i i think that is a board decision, mr. xer. um i certainly understand and respect the the proposition. um, a couple of things. so, we received the resources in 2021 and it began to earn interest. thanks

to our staff who put it away wisely. it began to earn interest. the board then contemplated how to utilize these resources with legal counsel's assistance. we were able to come up to resolution of how to utilize the the resources in 2024. so the initial amount of interest was much larger than we would have anticipated providing in any

given year of scholarships. so i am by no means am i opposed. it is really a board decision on what to do with the 1.475 um that is um additional revenue that was collected um before that period of time where the board established the student success endowment. so, i would caution the board not to say that we

will use all of the resources because there may be years where we are not able to award enough scholarships or the students do not meet the requirements that have been established based on the scholarships and that we could keep those resources because remember it is a fall and spring as well as the following fall and spring that

the board has committed to for those students. so you are everything that you said is logical and and that would be a a board respectfully, i disagree with that, sir. i think that that should be an administrative decision because as a board member, i do not want to have that control that, you know, that we tie the

hands of the people that are actually seeing the need up front of the students. so i would just i think that we already articulated the the plan clearly rented by legal several times and discussed it and agreed upon that is a piece that needs to be discussed by the administrative team or the executive team and and made

a decision on that. well, if if i may again the question is because it stated that the interest earned from the fund the so the 14 million. the question is whether that should be put into the corpus and we should have $31.4 4 million that we never spent. or can we say that the original $30 million is

the corpus and every penny earned since that point goes into the scholarship fund for scholarships? i i have a question. i think it is a 30 million, but do not we then take each one year the scholarship fund increases by 1%? correct. and so in other words, so it is not 30 million this it is 30.1 fund

of that. and all i am saying is is that it is a one-time deal. we haven't used it there. the policies. yeah. and and so we have a question. do we want to say to have a bigger uh petty cash? i mean i know that 3 million 2 million but but have we used for lack of a

better term have a a petty cashache there. okay. or if we put it back in the scholarship fund and that in itself becomes a basis for more interest to be earned in the future. right? and again, since it was all established by the board, this is a clarification that we are asking the and dr. sarata hagerty, if

you want to, we could jump into section 1.9.7 if the board wants to have that discussion now. uh, i mean, as long as my my personal opinion is the one the money that was made before we set up the fund is put it back in the fund and give it out in scholarships because i i think what

the board's idea was we'd always have 30 million as our as a corpus is our corpus. so that so if we made interest before we got around because we had a big discussion on how we were going to do with this money for several days and we finally decided so just put that other money that was earned

prior to put it in the fund and give it out in scholarship. yeah, i exactly that is why i think the original intent was 30 million is going to be the corpus. anything it earns goes into the scholarship, but we need the clarification. well, scholarships plus the 1%. yes. so, we the administration has broken down the data

for the board. um, and the one point it is 1,475,260. if we went with the original intent of the board, then an additional 1,327,734 would go into the scholarship fund, which we would allocate as um as quickly as we can as long as students meet the requirements, etc. 132,773 additional dollars would go into the emergency fund and

then an additional 14,753 would go back into the fund. um to try and maintain its its buying power, so to speak. but again, this is a board decision. i um i i want to make sure that um that the board's direction does not violate what we have actually established. and i'd ask legal counsel. i have a question

out over there. if we had one and we earned 1.7 million, okay, that was available to be awarded to scholarships and we did not award it, what is to say that we are going to be needing above and beyond that, we are going to plan for future catastrophe. uh, it seems to me that the bigger the pad

we have, the insurance and gives us there. i realize the idea that we want to do it, but we did not give it all out before. correct. we did not give it out now. so why do we think we want to save it so we can give it out some other time? i think that is fair. i

my my only caution is that it not violate what the board actually established. i think the question here is is do we want to keep it at 30 million or do we want to add that to and make it 31 like you said? that is our only decision. my decision is our number one issue was to make

sure we always had the 30 million. so i said we do what dr. sarat is saying is we put the 1 four back into the scholarship fun and if we do not give it out then it rolls over to the next year. as long as we keep the balance at 30 million bucks 30 million plus 1% or

whatever 30 million plus that is out of the 10% we said we are taking out. so that is my i am going to make a motion that we do that we do what dr. sat is suggesting with those figures. item 1.9.7 discussion and take possible action to consider whether interest earned between may 2021 to august 31, 2023

should be added to the corpus or made available for student scholarships. my motion is to give it to student scholarships. second. you have any other discussion? other questions? no. mr. uxer? no. mrs. robless. hi. miss naha. hi. dr. graham. hi. mrs. moy. hi. mr. mendes. hi. mr. hagerty. hi. thank you, sir. thank you. appreciate. good job. appreciate

it. thank you. we are back under section 1.7. item 1.7.2. optional presentations will be made by the presidents of the classified staff association, the professional the faculty association, and the student government association. good evening, chair hagerty, members of the board, president sarata, staff, and guests. i am laura gaither, president of the classified staff association. as we begin

the new fiscal year, i'd like to take a moment to rec recognize the officers of our classified staff council. while some officers are unable to join us, others are some are fulfilling their prior commitments. each one deserves our appreciation for the work they do behind the scenes and on the front lines. their contributions continue to make a

meaningful impact across our district. cynthia aras, vice president at mission del paso. laura estrada, which she is here, our treasurer. laura gonzalez, our rights and responsibilities rights and responsibilities officer at verde. nancy gutierrez, our public relations officer. she is at rio grand and she is our newest member. kimberly mcroom, rights and responsibility rights and responsibilities officer at

trans mountain. cecilia mononttoya, our secretary at bay and she is here as well. leticia mononttoya, rights and responsibilities officer at bay. evangelina ranel, she is vice president at northwest. norma salas, vice president at verde. myself, laura gaither, a csa president. and our liaison fernando mata. each of these individuals bring unique strengths and a shared commitment to supporting

our classified staff. whether through advocacy, outreach, or operational support, their contributions are deeply valued. our contributions this past fiscal year to our constituents and community are as follows. throughout the year, our officers played a vital role at the craft fairs, offering guidance and support to our vendors throughout the events. proceeds from these fairs directly benefit our constituents,

providing essential assistance during times of need and reinforcement, reinforcing our commitment to them. our officers offered compassionate guidance and support to individuals facing hardship due to eligible life events. through our emergency relief fund, we were able to assist one individual providing not just financial aid, but a sense of stability and care during a difficult time. in november,

with district-wide donations totaling $790.65, we donated 60 turkeys to three organizations serving families in need, helping ensure that more households could enjoy warm, nourishing holiday meal. the three organizations were winchester house transitional living center, elen pastor, and el paso state supported living center. in january, we contributed a clothing donation valued at $279.51 to the el paso state

supporting living center. this donation helped provide essential items to individuals arriving in vulnerable circumstances, reinforcing our commitment to dignity care and community partnership. in february, we donated gift items in the amount of $226 to the anno annual staff retreat. in july, we hosted a community event at wet n wild waterorld, purchasing a 100 tickets at 1999 each

to ensure that everyone in the district could participate. even though we sold out two weeks before the event, winn and wild graciously honored the discounted rate of 1999 plus tax for any additional tickets sold beyond the initial 100, allowing even more families to join in the fund. as we begin a new fiscal year, we'd like to take

a moment to remind our constituents of the emergency relief fund available to support employees during times of urgent need. this fund is designed to assist in the event of a catastrophic natural disaster, emergency travel expenses for a critical ill employee or their immediate family, financial hardship resulting from a life-threatening medical emergency affecting the employee or their immediate

family. we encourage anyone facing such circumstances to reach out to us and explore the support available. i we are wishing everybody a successful, fulfilling and resilient year ahead. thank you for your time. good evening, dr. sarata and board of tris. my name is isakagias palma and i currently serve as the epcc student government association president. i have

been part of epcc since 2023 as an international student pursuing a degree in mechanical engineering and i look forward to graduating by the end of this year and then transferring to utep. my journey with sga began just over a year ago as secretary. i later later served as vice president and now as president. since my first year

at nsga, we have worked together on many studentled initiatives, including bringing back the annual fall fest in fall 2024, the period baskets project where we provide our students with period supplies in the restrooms at all campuses, hosting the 2024 tucsa region one conference at the va campus where i was selected as a student of the year for

region one, representing epcc during community college day at the state capital tcs and the tcsga state convention where we awarded third place for our submission of scrapbook which highlights the hard work of sga and our student clubs. our sga retreat for our newly inducted members and mostly most recently installation of microwaves across all campuses. of course, none

of this would have been accomplished without the dedication and teamwork of my fellow sga members. our current sga board read as follows. president isak das, vice president miss gonzalez, parliamentarian jani vasquez, treasurer victor montes, secretary alettu, historian sophia ag campus representative naomi rodriguez, rio grande campus representative cecilia garcia, mission del paso campus representative brandon rivera, bay senator

andrea dominguez, bera senator crystal martinez, and bay senator kayla roles. we are also fortunate to have the guidance and support of our adviserss, our co-advisor enria costa moreno and our advisor nadia rivas. additionally, i want to acknowledge the work of our student leadership team members vivana sanchez and mariano leas our and our entire campus life team. without

the contribution of each of these individuals, sga would not be the same. as we begin a new academic year, our team has set clear goals to improve the student experience and strengthen our representation of the student body. these goals include expanding sga representation to all campuses, prioritizing the student voice through regular service and feedback, increasing collaboration with

epcc administration by engaging with additional committees and departments and to stay actively involved in college decisions by regularly attending bros meetings. also, i would like to highlight the positive impact of new initiatives from epcc departments on our students by sharing some examples. the first is epcc cares, a mental health focused initiative led by our counselors. initiatives like

this are essential as they provide students with resources that improve their overall college experience. i was among the first students enrolled in epcc cares when it launched and i can confidently say that it was a gamecher for me when i used it to my college life. the second was an invitation from dr. iet werta, director of institutional

effectiveness to join the upcoming campus improvement meeting. this is a perfect example of valuating student perspectives in important discussions. this will be an excellent opportunity for collaboration and progress. furthermore, over the past year, we have been collaborating with the progress pillar team where we reach out to students to gather their feedback on how epcc can improve an

as an institution. one of out outcomes of this effort was participation in a student panel last week where we advise instructors on how to enhance their instru their communication with students. finally, we are partnering with the new student orientation department for tomorrow's steel batch where we will be connecting with current and new students to build a sense

of belonging. now, i would like to take this moment to encourage all of epcc departments to reach out to sga for future partnerships. together, we can ensure that the student voice is heard and that our initiatives have the greatest possible impact. looking ahead, we are excited for a school year that will be both productive and enjoyable. we

look forward to keep working to make epcc the best place to start and to finish. thank you so much for your for welcoming us here and go to hanos. thank you. wow. cool. uh trustees, mr. president, vice presidents, deans, all other guests, uh we are working diligently to try to implement the statemandated sb37. the faculty association executive

committee met with president sarata, bp smith, uh earlier this month, and we believe we got most things worked out. there is still a couple of issues that are still outstanding, but uh on behalf of the faculty, like to thank you all for passing the resolution reestablishing a senate under the mandate. so, thank you again and we will

keep you updated on matters. thanks. bye. item 1.7.3, dr. william sarata, college president, will recognize individuals who have retired from el paso community chair hagerty, members of the board, always a bittersweet moment when we say goodbye or so we will see you soon to individuals who've made an impact on the institution. i am going to begin today

with mr. rudy ednandez who is retiring after 17 years of dedicated service to el paso community college. mr. dr. ednandez has made an impact as a full-time lecturer and tenur faculty member in psychology teaching courses such as psychology, personality, abnormal psychology, human growth and development, and social psychology. he has also contributed extensively to our criminal justice program,

teaching courses in criminal law, police practices, corrections, and court systems. in addition to his teaching, mr. nandis has shown leadership across various roles. he served as campus coordinator for the northwest campus in the areas of psychology, criminal justice, education, philosophy, and government. he also took on the role role of district-wide coordinator for the psychology discipline, helping to

shape the academic experience for countless students. mr. nandis' leadership extends beyond the classroom. he served as vice president of the faculty association for both part-time and full-time faculty and as president of the faculty senate association. his committee work includes chairing the faculty professional development committee, the district-wide improvement committee and the campus improvement committee. he also compete uh

contributed to epcc's broader initiatives such as the teachership academy steering committee where he served as presenter and the campus architectural committee as part of our master plan. outside of academics, mr. nandis has been an active volunteer sharing his time as a karate instructor. this is new. i did not realize that. uh for children through the northwest campus

summer program and supporting local public schools by judging speech contests. his commitment to service extends into the community. he currently serves as vice chair of the immunized el paso board of directors. his professional memberships include the american psychological association and the society for teaching of psychology. mr. nandez, your years of service have made a difference at el

paso community college. on behalf of the college district, we thank you for your dedication to our students, our faculty, and our community. and if you will join me, please congratulations. [applause] we have one more retiree to recognize today. uh, ignasio kintero jr. after 38 years of service, professor ignasio kintterero has decided to retire from epcc. before coming

to epcc, mr. kintterero began his career with the united states army and served two years in vietnam before returning to el paso. in 1972, he graduated from the data processing school in el paso with a computer analyst degree. 1974 he moved to california to pursue a more advanced degree in the computer field from the electronic computer processing

institute. in 1980, mr. condetto returned to el paso where he completed his master's degree from the university of phoenix while working as a computer analyst. after several years as a computer programmer in 1987, he was offered a part-time teaching job at epcc. in 1989, he was offered a full-time position under the information technology systems discipline and earned

full professor rank in 1999. teaching has been by far the most rewarding career in his life. mr. kintto shares that sharing his knowledge with generations of students pushed pushed the limits and set the bar higher than imagined. students still remember him after many years and thank him for setting high goals for them which inspired them to achieve

more than they expected. mr. canto has dedicated many years of service to the college as a faculty member who helped lay the groundwork work for the robust it degrees that epcc offers our student body. his peers, students, and colleagues thank him. on behalf of the institution, we wish professor kintterero all the best in this new chapter of

his life. mr. kto, can you join me, please? [applause] section 1.8 communications. item 1.8.1 8.1 discussion and review regarding data, statistics, policies, and general information related to el paso community college by the board of trustees. item 1.8.1.1 mr. fernando flores, vice president of fi of finance and administration, chief chief financial officer will provide a presentation on the

fiscal year 2025 2026 budget. good afternoon, chair hagerty, vice chair nahara, secretary to the board graham, and members of the board, and dr. sarata. um, this afternoon, i will be preparing a presenting a short presentation on the fiscal year 2526 operating budget, and it will be short compared to the others, promise. um, i would like to start

by saying that the presentation this evening is in direct support of item 4.8. 8 which you will have later in your agendas. uh the approval of the operating budget. so budget workshops to the board of trustees have been presented on june the 25th and on august the 6th of this year. and during the budget workshops held on

june the 25th and august the 6th, the board of trustees were provided with updates of the budget development process, the current year budget, and the state funding from the 89th legislature. state appropriations will be based on house bill 8 funding model approved during the 88th legislature as a community college finance bill. in this legislature, performance measures and

payment methods were refined. the preliminary fisc year 2526 operating budget was also presented to include revenue projections, additional funding needs and different funding strategies to fund the operating budget. so we will also cover the 2526 revenue projections in the next few slides. and we are going to talk about the 2526 baseline budget which essentially is the expenditure

side of the operating budget based upon executive level submissions of budgets in the march uh 2025 time frame. then we will present the 2526 proposed budget for your approval this so this is a look at the revenue projections for 2526 and this amount at the very bottom of the middle column 173,931,632 will be the amount presented for

the operating budget because we cannot exceed revenue projections. so state appropriations came in on the revenue projections with a positive variance of $5.6 6 million or 12.77% higher than the adopted budget for 2425. tuition and fees are estimated at 38.9 million, a small decrease of 214,000. at the last presentation on august the 6th, i said that we

would keep an eye on fall enrollment and adjust the figures if necessary. um i would tell you that as of yesterday our enrollment was 2% higher. um during the time of the august 6 presentation we were down i think 24 students were up like 456 i think yesterday. so it has slowly been trending in the right direction

and there is still uh late registration occurring this week. so property taxes now are estimated 75.2 2 million and as the title on this slide says based upon certified property valuations that we got from the cad on july the 25th of this year that is the projection for property tax revenue for next year as a property it

has a positive variance of 2.1 million around 3% higher than the adopted budget revenue for the prior year. so other income is estimated at 6.2 million. as a reminder, we budget interest income very conservatively because it is not a good revenue source uh because it is sometimes unpredictable based upon economic conditions and changes that occur quickly in

the news and other places. so uh following uh next is the self-supporting revenues projected at $3 million. the total for that column, as i said earlier, is 173,931,632. a positive variance of 7.4 million over the prior year adopted budget. overall, about a 4.5% increase. next, we see these revenues. the same amount, 173.9 million, represented as a percentage

of the total revenues. and here property tax tax tax revenue is still the highest at 43.27% of the total revenues. state appropriations coming in second at 28.62% followed by tuition and fees 22.38% other income 3.6% self-supporting and o overhead recovery smaller amounts making up the total next we have the baseline budgets which uh determine the operating expenditure

budget. now the baseline budget is based upon submissions by the various executive levels which occurred back in march of this year and this is all the the baseline budgets that were submitted without considering any extra request or additional funding requests. so when we look at the baseline budget, uh instruction is the highest at 33.11% or 54.7 million

followed by institutional support 49 million 49.7 million or 30% of the baseline budget followed by academic support 20.3 million or 12.28% of the budget. interestingly, when you combine instruction and academic support, you get about 45% of the budget in direct support of students. so, i would make that clarification for you. uh operation and maintenance of physical plant

$13.2 million or 8% followed by student services which also goes to helping students uh $12.7 million or 7.68% 68% transfers 7.5 uh million dollar or 4.6% followed by public service 3.8 million self-supporting programs are budgeted at 3 million and research at $214,000. so this is the baseline budget that is going to support the uh recommended operating budget

which you will see in the next few slides. this next slide combines both the uh baseline budget and then the additional funding needs. so we just saw on on the previous slide the baseline budget of 165.4 million. now you see it again here um on this slide and all the functional areas that comprise that amount and then

followed by additional funding requests. we had critical needs that were presented to the board previously, $1.7 million. and then an item to adjust our salary tables by 6%. the entry tables, the entry levels in the tables, uh, valued at 672,000, and then the 3% salary increase that was approved at the august 6th board meeting, followed by additional

requests from the executive levels of $1.9 million and uh, bianium reserve. this will go to mitigate any any revenue estimates that we may not have uh estimated properly. uh for example, if the state appropriation comes in lower than what we projected, this would be where we might balance that difference if it was lower. so all told, this

is the budget uh proposed budget for fiscal year 2526. um we believe that all the revenue estimates are conservative and cons have considered certain risks that we are subject to like state appropriations having a bianium reserve and we believe that this is a sustainable budget going are there any questions? it has been a long process starting in

february. so, i'd like to thank the budget office led by miss lauret tees, lilana arlo, and bronn cahimenez. also, uh associate vice president zuniga, which is in the audience. um uh and also in my office, in particular, uh my staff, juanita martinez, sylvia deucio, and jose shaughnessy. and in particular, dr. sarata who has been involved with the

whole process meeting strategizing and providing input evaluating the additional request and my cabinet colleagues for uh bearing with all our questions as budget development progressed and most of all with the board of trustees for entertaining three budget presentations and listening to our request. we are very appreciative of all of you. thank you. section 1.9, board of trustees

business. items 1.9.1 through 1.9.6 and 1.9.10 will be discussed in executive session. item 1.9.8, discussion and action to approve a 6% salary adjustment to the salary tables and increase pay to $10 for employees earning less than that amount. move to approve. second. i would only i'd only um let the board know that it is $10 per hour.

just a any other discussion? call a question. mr. exter. hi. mrs. robless. i. miss nahara. hi. dr. graham. hi. mrs. moy. i. mr. mendes. hi. mr. hagerty. hi. item 1.9 discussion and take possible action regarding the upcoming board of trustees meeting dates for september, october and november 2025. chair hagerty and members of the board um the board

and i will be traveling in october and therefore the meeting is scheduled during a time uh that there is a conflict. um as well as so i'd remind the board our meeting for september is on the the 24th of september. that stands. um we are recommending to the board that the october meeting be held on thursday, october

30th. um we will be traveling plus i have um the texas association of community colleges which is scheduled on wednesday the 29th. and then on in november we have um based on the calendar um the board meeting would be the wednesday before thanksgiving. um, we would like the board to enjoy thanksgiving with your families and so we

are recommending tuesday, december the 2nd. um, we would not have a meeting in november. we would have the meeting in early december. those are our recommendations to the board. anybody have a problem with those dates? any motion? yes, you do. motion to approve the recommended dates. second. any discussion? call the question. mr. xer. i. mrs. robless. i.

miss naha. hi. dr. graham. hi. mrs. moy. hi. mr. mendes. hi. mr. hagerty. hi. section 1.10 board reports. item 1.10.1 treasures report. item 1.10.1.1 july 31 2025 financial statements. no action is required. item 1.10.2 2 president's report. item 1.10.2.1. dr. william sarata, college president, will update the board of trustees and audience on recent events that have transpired

at el paso community college. good evening, chair hagerty and members of the board. i'd like to begin my report by thanking the epcc cosmetology and nail tech students who participated in the annual power of pink event offering complimentary beauty services to local cancer survivors. students provided hair styling, makeup, and manicures, followed by a professional photo shoot and

gift giveaways. this meaningful event highlights the students talent and community spirit. to highlight the first week of classes, epcc marketing partnered with kvia channel 7, which featured the rio grande campus as part of its morning show. during a live broadcast, tahhano, jack and cheer showed their support, their epcc spirit and excitement for the start of a new

semester. the college was able to share information on ongoing registration, mini masters, and our many health occupations and other programs. many thanks to dr. amaya, dr. hajar, mr. aub, dr. thomas sto, bo baggley, as well as dr. carrie mo. uh they were on the rio grand campus at 4:45 a.m. so many thanks for them for all the

work on that effort. um appreciate all the good work. on july 25th, epcc's nasa globe partner program teamed up with lanube steam discover center and epcc's physics for the lego summer camp. students explored satellite data with legos, learned buoancy and flotation, buoyancy and flotation through a build a boat race and engaged in interactive physics demonstrations. the globe

office at the trans mountain campus will continue stem outreach throughout the year. this fall, the mission del paso campus will launch its third academic year of the 8-week hybrid project uh an initiative support student success and flexible learning. the program has played a key role in s sustaining the campus's upward enrollment trend while maintaining a strong strong

average pass rate of 84% among participants. uh thank you to our mission delaso deans and the faculty and staff behind this great initiative supporting student success. earlier this month, big brothers big sisters hosted a celebration for eight participants who completed 154 hours of training in a pilot multifamily building maintenance technician program. workforce solutions border plex provided funding

and the program's creation represented a collaboration among epcc's center for corporate and workforce training and advanced technology center. workforce solutions borderlex and the housing authority of el paso, which initially requested the program. students completing the program earned an osha 10 certification and engaged in coursework covering electrical troubleshooting, hvac, small appliance repair, plumbing, and interior wall finishing. special

thanks to dr. olga valerio, dean of industry partnerships and workforce training, and jose caso lopez, director of the center for corporate and workforce training, who led the collaboration, are currently submitting the program as a new occupational skills award for the college. well done. earlier this summer, a team from epcc participated in a convening and workshop in austin

sponsored by the greater texas foundation, marking the successful completion of the first year texas emergency aid roadmap program. this is a three-year grant program to help epcc and a cohort of nine other community colleges develop efficient, sustainable emergency assistance programs to ensure students receive the support they need to stay in school and graduate. as a result of

this work, epcc has streamlined its criteria and processes for distributing emergency aid. thank you to the epcc greater texas foundation core team members representing divisions collegewide including enriquea costa moreno, carmen gomez, dr. dolores gra in lopez, nadia rivas, pearl rentia, theresa reena fernandez, shannon vayz, lillian woon, and anna zuniga with team lead dr. carrie mo. since 2003,

the northwest campus jenna welsh and laura bush community library has been participating in a statewide initiative to promote literacy, gathering on every on average every year between 250 and 350 children at the library to participate in over 35 different classes. the classes include watercolor, crochet, coding, and story time among others. for 2025, 280 children registered for the

program and participated in the citywide reading program through the el paso public library. moreover, epcc student parents received a scholarship for their children through participation as part of the epcc familyfriendly campus initiative. the veterans resource center is pleased to announce that the texas veteran commission takes great pleasure in awarding the college with the gold veterans education excellence

recognition award or vera. the veteran education excellence recognition award is presented at gold, silver, and bronze levels to highlight the depth and breadth of services provided to veteran students and their families. the texas state legis legislature established the vera program to recognize public colleges and universities for their excellence in providing education and related services to veterans and

the military connected community. el paso community college applied for recognition and showcased its commitment to ensuring the academic success of these individuals. congratulations on this gold award recognition to dr. paula mitchell, our avp of instruction and student success, and to mr. carl dwire, our director of epcc's veterans resource center. i am proud to share that the lieutenant

that lieutenant eddie bberto franco, who serves our trans mountain and northwest campuses, has become the first officer in el paso county to earn the law enforcement command officer certification from the texas police chiefs association. this is a highly respected credential held by only a select group of leaders across texas. over 18 months, lieutenant franco completed 250 hours

of advanced leadership training in 10 cities, and he now brings that expertise back to epcc. his accomplishment reflects his commitment to lifelong learning and leadership, and it strengthens the professionalism of our entire college police department. congratulations, lieutenant franco, on this outstanding achievement. music professor yasmin flores secured $25,000 in donated school supplies from the el paso community foundation.

this 10-year collaboration allows area elementary and middle schools to visit epcc's via the campus and be equipped with the necessary backpack, pens, and general school supplies they need to start the upcoming school year successfully. the school store occurred on saturday, july 26, and isd students and their families attended. nearly 35 epcc programs, disciplines, and clubs were represented

at the school store event. families and p prospective students stopped by each table to pick up some epcc merchandise and learn about various opportunities available at this at the college. professor flores expresses her gratitude to the countless volunteers around the epcc district. special thanks to the vive campus for making the 10th annual school store a resounding success.

special thanks to professor flores for the great work serving as a school store coordinator for the last two years. congratulations to dr. christian cervin, professor of computer science for receiving two prestigious awards. in july, he was named high-tech hi teec educator of the year at the national high-tech conference in minneapolis. just weeks later, he received the king

sunfu award from the north american fuzzy information processing society at their international conference in canada. these awards recognize his leadership in technology education, artificial intelligence, and computing. dr. servine's work reflects epcc's commitment to innovation and preparing students for success in high-tech careers. congratulations to dr. servin. epcc proudly celebrated its students at the urban partnership synergy symposium el

paso highlighting the usda and texas&m conservation careers internship program funded by the usda and nrcs. the program engages underrepresented students particularly in the mission valley in agriculture, natural resources, and human sciences. since january 2025, epcc, utep, and nmsu students have gained hands-on research and fieldwork experience through paid internships, culminating in project showcases at the symposium. the event

also featured epcc dean daniel gera as a panelist on community partnerships reflecting the college's commitment to mentorship, training, and building a diverse workforce prepared to address future environmental and agricultural challenges. jer hagerty, that concludes my report. i am happy to respond to the board with any questions that you may have. anybody have any questions for dr. thanks.

item 1.11, consent docket. there is none. section two, administration. item 2.1, cfcm tasby local policies for revision, adoption, and approval. move to approve. second. any discussion? call a question. mr. uxer. hi. mrs. robless. i miss naha. hi. dr. graham. hi, mrs. moy. hi, mr. mendes. hi, mr. hagerty. i item 2.2 cam tasby local policy for first reading

review and comment only. no action is required. section three personnel item 3.1 instit institutionally externally funded full-time staff appointments, extensions, resignations, and retirements. no action is required. item 3.2 tenure track faculty appointments. new tenur faculty and faculty extensions. move to approve. second. any discussion? all questions. mr. uxer. hi. mrs. robless. hi. miss naha. hi. dr. graham. hi.

mrs. moy. hi. mr. mendes. hi. mr. hagerty. hi. item 3.3, discussion and action on the reappoint of continuing probationary faculty and authorization for the president to enter into written employment contracts and contract agenda for the 2025 2026 academic year with tenur and probationary faculty members. move to approve uh 3.3 and 3.4 second item 3.4 four, discussion and

action on the reappoint of continuing regular administrative classified professional staff and requesting authorization for the president to enter into written employment contracts effective september 1, 2025 with the listed employees. any discussion on 3.3? any on 3.4? call the question. mr. uxer. hi. mrs. robless. hi. miss naha. hi. dr. graham. hi. mrs. moy. hi. mr. mendes. hi, mr.

hagerty. hi. section four, financial services. item 4.1, discussion and action on the approval of a contract award to usi southwest inc. for commercial property, automobile, general, law enforcement, educators, legal, and umbrella liability, excess crime, cyber risk, vocational student accident, and crisis management insurance in an amount not to move to approve 4.1 and 4.2. second. item 4.2, discussion

and action on the approval to award contracts for advertising services from various radio stations for fiscal year 2025 2026 in an amount not to exceed $350,000 annual aggregate. have any questions on 4.1? yep. uh chair back. as long as we including 42, my intention was to ask for 4.3, 4.4, four and 4.5. can they now be included

into this? no, because this is already a motion made. we already have a a first and a second. we can discuss them as we go along. do you have any questions on those two, dr. um, no, i will include his general part of the next deal. okay, call the questions. mr. uxer, hi. mrs. robiss, hi. miss naha,

i dr. graham, i mrs. moy, hi. mr. mendes, hi. mr. hagerty. hi. item 4.3, discussion and action on the approval to award contracts for advertising services from various television stations for fiscal year 2025 2026 in an amount not to exceed $250,000 annual aggregate. move to approve 4.3, 4.4, and 4.5. second. item 4.4 four, discussion and action on

the procurement of district-wide advertising services with several publication vendors for fiscal year 2025 2026 in an amount not to exceed 200,000 $200,000 annual aggregate. item 4.5 discussion and action on the approval to award a contract to clear channel outdoor for outdoor advertising for fiscal year 2025 2026 in an amount not to exceed $150,000 annual aggregate. any questions

on 4.3? uh i have a question on 4.3. go ahead. actually in the whole thing if you look at 4.2, three, four, and five all fall under the larger category of media. uh if you total them, they come to just a tad short of $1 million. okay. so i have a couple questions. first of all, these are

broken up by topics. and i think if i remember correctly, these these requested amounts are similar or comparable to a pre uh a request at this time last year about the same amount. is that correct? okay. now, if we had a million dollars, how much of that did we spend last year? did we spend that all of

that money last year? uh we spend less than $500,000 on um advertising, but this gives us the flexibility based on research to adjust where we are spending the money. okay. so, you are asking for $950,000 aggregate in all four. would you anticipate that you would need all 950 or if not, why? no. last year we only spent

460,000 and this year um the same amount is in the budget and so and the reason for that is so this way we have flexibility when we are looking at our return on investment and we see the data on how the advertising is producing, we can adjust. for example, if we see we need to spend a little

bit more in television or we need to spend a little bit more in radio to reach a particular demographic, it gives us the flexibility to make those adjustments. okay. and last question in looking at that, how do we determine do do you have a survey or is it uh uh general questions or it is observation? what would

lead you to make, you know, like an on uh real time decision over the year as to where to go, where to emphasize your median. that is a great question. we are always monitoring um whether it is anecdotal or whether through measurement, for example, on our digital advertising, we are able to measure click-through rates. um that would

be one example. other times um we look at enrollment um and determine where the dollars are making an impact and adjust accordingly. and dr. sat out of all this, if i am not mistaken, i think this is one of the few times that we actually have one person really is sort of working with a budget of a

million dollars. and i think she is done that area has done an exceptional job in being able to identify segregate qualify and and follow up and respond in real time as to what needs to be done and appears to be do not go to your head but appears to be a good steward of the money. mr. xer,

i certainly appreciate that and i certainly concur that dr. mo and her team have done a tremendous job. um we saw spring enrollment up approximately 5%, summer enrollment was up 11%. um we were we are currently surprised that um fall enrollment is relatively flat. we are up a couple percent today and we have uh we are continuing

the enrollment process and we will continue it through many meers. but i agree dr. dr. mo and her team have done a great job of disagregating the data um and utilizing the different modes of communication with students. they have shifted over time. we used to do a lot more television uh and they have shifted over time to

do a lot more social media. um and i agree and concur with your um congratulator congratulatory statements towards you. any other questions? thank you. uh 4.4 or great job, dr. mo. i can call the question, mr. exter. boy, it look sad if i said no, would not it be confusing in the minutes? mrs. robas, i miss naha.

hi, dr. graham. hi, mrs. moy. hi, mr. mendes. hi, mr. hagerty. hi. item 4.6, discussion and action on the approval of contracts with purchasing cooperative awarded vendors to provide copy paper for the instructional service centers and open open computer labs for the fiscal year 2025 2026 in an amount not to exceed $95,000 estimated annual aggregate amount. move

to approve. second. any discussion? all questions. mr. uxer. i. mrs. robless. i. miss naha. hi, dr. graham. hi, mrs. moy. hi, mr. mendes. hi, mr. hagerty. hi. item 4.7, discussion and action on the acceptance of the 2025 certified appraisal role with a net taxable value of property within the el paso county community college district of 73 as

established by the central central appraisal district. move to approve 4.7, 4.8, 4.9, and 4.10. second. item 4.8, discussion and action on the adoption of the fiscal year 2025 2026 operating budget of $173,931,632. item 4.9, discussion and action on the adoption of the fiscal year 2025 2026 auxiliary fund budget. item 4.10, 10 discussion and action on the adoption

of the order and the certificate of order setting tax rate of 0.13563 per $100 valuation of fiscal year 2025 2026. any dis uh questions on 4.7 4.8 8 4.9 yes when we look at 4.9 we with the budget and so i i referred back to page 113 which talks about that and then actually what happened is that

it refers then to a table on 4.4 four and we have the auxiliary budget for fiscal year. and if i look at that, there is two columns. it says budget 83125 and it has ending fund balance of 5.538234. and then it says budget beginning the next year at 5.824. so there is a delta of almost $300,000 gain.

do we not have if we say end of year budget and a start of year budget those is does there something occur in between there that you are not tracking how come that we have $300,000 difference that that is a very good observation uh mr. oxer that is a budgeted projection for ending fund balance and not the

one based upon actual numbers. so it is a budgeted the budget is a projection. so this is what we budgeted for the end of this year as the fund balance but in reality it is going to come in higher because revenues came in higher to the auxiliary fund. therefore we start with uh what we believe is going

to be the beginning balance which is higher because we had higher revenues than expected. okay. so we think the bottom line is one thing but then if we sit back and think about it the bottom line of another one's the same thing is different and so we do not want to account and say i have a guess

of 300,000 i am going to include here is that right i do not i am just it is still not clear i mean if it is sort of an estimate how come you do not have a consistent estimate between years i understand that is fine it is good it just seems seems to me that if you have

end of year and starting year it ought to be the same number or you ought to qualify your assumptions. that is a good observation. thank you. any other questions on 4.10? i okay, mr. exer. hi, mrs. robas. hi, miss nahara. hi, dr. graham. hi, mrs. moy. hi, mr. mendes. hi, mr. hagerty. i i need to read um

an order accepting um the appraisal role order accepting certified appraisal role whereas the board of trustees of said district desire that the appraisal role for the district for the 2025 tax year be accepted and approved. therefore, be it ordered by the board of trust by the board of trustees of the el paso county community college district one

that the appraisal role for the district for the 2025 tax year be accepted as approved by the 2025 appraisal review board and certified by the chief appraisal as follows. net taxable value 73 bill463,35,724. order setting tax rate. whereas the board of trustees of said district has received, accepted, and approved the certified appraisal rules for the 2025 tax

year. and whereas the district has calculated those tax rates and made such other calculations as required by law and whereas the board of trustees of said district wishes to adopt a tax rate. therefore, be it ordered by the board of trustees of the el paso county community college district one, that the maintenance and operation tax rate for

the district for the 2025 tax year be set and adopted in accordance with chapter 26 of the texas tax code entitled the property tax code as follows. operations tax rate 0.103563 per $100 valuation. total 0.103563 per $100 valuation. we have a motion. right. se section five, physical facilities discussion and action on the approval to award a contract

to ari p and steve e. franco llc to provide architectural services related to the law enforcement training academy building at mission del paso campus in an amount not to exceed $96,224. move to approve. second. any questions? i have a question. is this for the wall in the back to keep the bullets removed to the building? it is

partly for that and it is a renovation of the building. um, chair hagerty. so, it we we have operated in this building for quite some time and it was due for renovations and so we are going to take care of of that in addition to renovating. any other questions? just out of curiosity, if we have a law

enforcement training academy and we are providing that, do we have the opportunity to ask other law enforcement agencies around here to chip in? because if they benefit from this, i mean, it seems like we ought to get the police department or the county sheriff or maybe the constables or or somebody to chip in a couple of bucks

to pay for their bullets going down range. do you want to take that, dr. smith? mr. structure. they do pay for their own ammunition. uh and we do have uh agreements with them for the use of the facilities agreements. but but we are going to spend money for that structure to stop those bullets. you know, they ought

to i mean, they do not get to fire them and then go away. they ought to sit there and pay for them being stopped. we we will take that under consideration. okay. they might want to help out. any other questions? all the questions. mr. xer. hi. mrs. robless. hi. miss naha. hi. dr. graham. hi. mrs. moy. hi.

mr. mendes. hi. mr. hagerty. i. section six. curriculum and instruction. item 6.1. discussion and action on the approval of a contract with gobi library solutions from epco to purchase library materials for the epcc libraries in an amount not to exceed $165,960. move to approve 6.2. 2 6.3 and 6.4. second. which one? 61. yes. check. item 6.2 discussion

and action on the approval of a contract with online database and discovery service provider epco for the epcc libraries in an amount of $9,60. item 6.3, discussion and action on the approval of a grant award from the us department of education trio student support services, sssp, in an amount of 7 $735,953. item 6.4, discussion and action on

the approval of a grant award from the department of defense in an amount of $359,848. chair hagerty, i'd just like to allow dr. smith to recognize individuals who worked on these. they are in total just over a uh just short of a million and a half dollars. uh thank you, dr. sada. so, the first two items are

actually expenditure items uh to help our library database fund databases for our students. those are things we bring annually uh to the institution. so, u very important that we get those items approved for our students today. uh the second two are obviously part of a cornucopia of grants that are on uh this particular board agenda. um i

get paid extra to use that word today. um yeah, very excited. so, the sssp grant uh is something that we have had for over 30 years now. uh targeting uh first generation students, low-income students, uh disabled students, uh giving them every opportunity and support uh for success at the institution. uh on all of these, i'd first like

to thank the grants department. they are our valued partners. they are instrumental in everything we do there. so, bob elliot and his team uh here in the audience today for the sssp, we have got uh lucia rodriguez, director of the program, as well as medela pacia. she is the manager of sssp. so if they want to maybe

wave and stand up and be recognized. thank you for the work. and they are both under uh dr. mitchell's purview. so dr. mitchell is also instrumental in all of this. and then um the contract opportunity center also longstanding um resource here at the college. we help local people uh businesses and other entities get into the government contracting

business both local contracting and federal contracting business. uh huge impact on the community. uh so mr. pablo armond doris and uh blaine permis are in the audience today. so thank them for the ongoing work that they do. any other questions? other question. mr. uxer. hi. mrs. robas. hi. miss nahara. hi. dr. graham. hi. mrs. moy. hi. mr.

mendes. hi. mr. hagerty. hi. item 6.5. discussion and action on the acceptance of the texas higher education coordinating board thcb texas reskilling and upskilling through education true grant in the amount of 200 $200,000. move to approve 6.5 6.6 six and 6.7. second. item 6.6, discussion and action on the acceptance of a grant from the texas higher education

coordinating board, thcb, in the amount of $149,976. item 6.7, discussion and action on the acceptance of a grant from the texas higher education coordinating board, thcb, the data to action for parenting students at texas colleges and universities d2atx grant program in the amount of 118450 $118,000. again, dr. smith, i want to give you an opportunity to recognize

the individuals who've worked on these. these plus the other two are are well over 1.5 million. yeah, thank you dr. shada. so, uh just a little context, the true grant um texas reskilling and upskilling through education, this is our fourth uh true grant. uh amazing. ever since the true grant was uh established, uh we have gotten that

grant every year. we are now over $1.5 million and the driving force behind uh the various incarnation of our true grants is dr. sariah hajar who is also in the audience, one of our deans at our rio grand campus. thank you. her and her team do a fabulous job. this one is focused on um pharmacy tech and

increasing opportunities for students in pharmacy tech. um very much needed uh high demand occupation in our region is nursing. uh and so dr. hafi guerrero uh our dean of nursing over there uh received the u nursing grant to increase the opportunities uh and capacity for our lvn students, our one-year nursing students to transition into our rn program,

our two-year nursing program. prior to uh kind of establishing some changes in that program, uh students had to re-rank into the nursing program. this now gives them an opportunity and and resources to uh allow them to move directly into the two-year program. uh we will have more nurses in the region because of his work. uh thank you,

dr. and then finally, another shout out to director uh lucia rodriguez and dr. mitchell. um the uh d2a texas grant will help our parenting uh students and give them resources and assistance. uh this is part of our familyfriendly presence. uh we now have family-friendly centers at every one of our campuses and this is uh going in support

of those. so thank you lieutenant director lucia rodriguez. [applause] cherry, i have a question. dr. smith, just just if i understand correctly, i mean, do do i recall correctly that our reg regular full uh nursing rn programs and lvn programs are are fully subscribed. that is that the attendant we are at max load for each one of

those classes. that is correct. and are is there a waiting list? uh there is currently um i will tell you that um dean guerrero is establishing a night lvn program to increase capacity. okay. um and so we are working on ways to um make more seats available in those programs. okay. would not one of the things that

having a nighttime program still one of the bottlenecks if you will is having the trained faculty. i mean you can ask extra time but you only have we are sort of maxed out on faculty hours is that you know yeah there is a couple of limiting factors to growing the program uh resources obviously rooms and and labs

at the the college uh we have done great work in advancing uh opportunities there qualified faculty is uh a hurdle and um available clinical sites are also kind of a hurdle okay i i just want to point out would you go and tell us what your the uh the general pass rate has been for those programs over

the last five years or sort of. yeah, generally uh the pass rate for accreditation purposes hovers around 90%. that is the the bar. uh we have exceeded that in the last number of years. so we hover uh depending on the program between 92 and 95%. without being specific uh you know if i am not correct that is

exceeds the uh pass rate and the qualification rate of any other nursing program by any other institution here in town. would that be correct? i i am going to qualify that we are absolutely one of the highest pass rate entities in the region. so dr. sata, you need to give them a pat on the back besides your

yeah. dr. now, let us start devote since we have an extra million for okay, let us see if we cannot devote that to stealing some of the uh the instructors from some of the other programs and getting our program, you know, and we are doing better than they are as one of the best. why do not we

just provide them the opportunity to participate with the community college at one less as opposed to one of those other institutions that you know is striving to catch up with us? absolutely. any other questions? call question. mr. uxer. hi. mrs. robless. i miss naha. i dr. graham. hi. mrs. moy. hi. mr. mendes. hi. mr. hagerty. hi. section

seven, student services. item 7.1, discussion and action on the approval of lease contracts with the phoenix of el paso for rental of apartments for the intercolgate athletics department in an amount not to move to approve. second. uh fyi, if we used that figure over the last past 25 years, if we would have built these apartments back then,

we would uh i think we have spent $2.9 million on rent. but we were not on the board back then when you started. just fyi. any other discussion? call a question. i mrs. robless. hi, miss nahara. hi, dr. graham. no, mrs. moy. i mr. mendes. hi, mr. hagerty. no. item 7.2, discussion and action on the approval of

continuing education ce tuition rates for new courses. um, motion move to approve 7.2 2 7.3 second item 7.3 discussion and action on the approval of continuing education ce tuition rates for revised courses any discussion call the question mr. xer i mrs. robless i miss naha i dr. graham hi mrs. moy hi mr. mendes hi mr. hagerty. hi.

section 8, comm community community services. there is none. would the board like to recess into executive session? yes. push. item 1.3 executive and close session. the board of trustees may conduct an executive or close session pursuant to chapter 551 of the texas government code for one or more of the following reasons. one, consultation with its attorney to

seek or receive legal advice or consultation regarding pending or contemplated litigation or for any purpose authorized by law. two, discussion about the value or transfer of real property. three, discussion about a prospective gift or donation. four, consideration of specific personnel matters. five, discussion about security personnel or devices. or six, discussion of certain economic development matters. the board

may also announce that it will go into executive session on any item listed on this agenda if the subject matters permitted for a close session by provisions of chapter 551 of the texas government code. any vote regarding these items shall be taken in open session. item 1.3.1, discussion with legal council regarding a lawsuit filed catalina valtier pinion

versus el paso county community college district, cause number 2024 dcv 2798 in the 168 judicial district court of el paso county, texas, pursuant to section 551.071 of the texas government code. 1.3.2 to discussion with legal counsel regarding proposed contract non-renewal of an employee in the division of instruction and workforce education pursuant to section 551.074 of the texas

government code. item 1.3.3 discussion with legal council regarding proposed contract non-renewal of an employee in the division of instruction and workforce education pursuant to section 551.074 of the texas government code. item 1.3.4 four. discussion with legal counsel regarding proposed contract non-renewal of an employee in the division of instruction and workforce education pursu pursuant to section 551.074 of

the texas government code. item 1.3.5 discussion with legal counsel regarding texas senate bill 2237 89th legislative regular session 2025. item 1.3.6 six discussion with legal counsel regarding texas senate bill 2615 89th legislative regular session 2025. item 1.3.7 discussion with legal counsel regarding possible amendment to employment agreement of college president pursuant to section 551.074 of the texas government

code. the time is now 6:12 and the board is in okay, we are back out of executive session. belle, we need to go through some of these. uh 1.9.1. can you read that one? item 1.9.1, discussion and take possible action regarding a lawsuit styled catalina valtier pinon versus el paso county community college district. cause number 2024 dcv

27 2798 in the 168th judicial court district court of el paso no action. 1.9.2 discussion and take possible action regarding proposed contract non-renewal of an employee in the division of instruction and workforce education. no action. okay. 1.9.3 discussion and take possible action regarding proposed contract non-renewal of an employee in the division of instruction and workforce education. i

move to approve the recommendation of the non-renewal contract of sylvia gonzalez effective august 31st, 2025. second. any discussion? all questions. mr. exter. mrs. robas. hi. miss maher. hi. dr. graham. i mrs. moy. i mr. mendes. hi. mr. hagerty. i item 1.9.4 discussion and take possible action regarding proposed contract non-renewal of an employee in the division of instruction

and workforce education. i move to approve the recommendation of the non-renewal contract of oras dr. orasio gonzalez effective august 31st 2025. second discussion call the question bill. mr. exter. mrs. robless. hi. miss naha. hi. dr. graham. hi. mrs. moy. i, mr. mendes. hi, mr. hagerty. i item 1.9.5, discussion and take possible action regarding texas senate bill 2237

89th legislative regular session 2025. no action 1.9.6. we have already discussed it. no, no, we did not. that was mr. smith. read 1.9.6. yes, sir. discussion and take possible action regarding texas senate bill 2615 89th legislative regular session 2025. no action. item 1.9.10 discussion and take possible action to approve a amendment to employment agreement of college president

and any other related matters. no action. okay. and uh i am just going to remind everyone our next board meeting is going to be september the 24th 24th 24th at 4:30 here right here in uh boardroom. september 24th. yeah, they want some. thank you. thank you, judge. thank you.
