[music] good. okay, we are going to call this meeting to order. uh this is a special meeting of the board of trustees uh to go over the budget agenda for this coming up year. uh, anyone who wants to uh follow along at home on the computer can go to usergocc want to welcome everyone that is here today.

go ahead call the role mr. here. mrs. rob present mr. mendes here mrs. mo here dr. brown here mr. here. miss will join us shortly. right. uh item number four, open forum. i do not think there is anybody that wants to talk to us. so we will go right into number five. discussion. the four is yours, mr.

judge hagerty. i' i'd just let the board know. this is our usual of our board budget workshops that we be bring to the board annually. um, we knew we were not gonna not going to ask the board to entertain a tuition increase. uh, normally we would have br if we were going to entertain a a tuition increase,

we would have come to the board in february for a tuition increase. we did not anticipate needing to bring to the board a tuition increase. um, we have had a lot of moving parts. uh the state just provided us their near i say in quotes near final run um based on house bill 8 and then um some

legislation that passed this session. so i was able to provide the near final run for for el paso community college uh to mr. flores and his team over the weekend. they have been working on this presentation quite diligently and so we have got what we feel will be near final numbers for the budget. um this is the

first budget workshop. we will have another um in the j in the july time frame and then we will have the final one in august before but sure you do when you do that just give us your best guess of worst case sure for what what the state will do we will do but i i want to

thank mr. floris and and and his team, many of that are in the room, miss uh miss uniga, miss dees, uh for all the good work that they have done on this. i want to thank the vice presidents for their work. um because we do have um budget requests in here as well. i will be working. this

is the first uh view that the board will see. i will be working with the vice presidents to to attempt to trim that. they have trimmed a lot on their own. um but we will continue to move forward. i am happy to tell you that all of the budget scenarios are balanced budget. um they are all have

a surplus within those. um so we are in a good financial position. but with that, i'd ask mr. flores to brief the board of where we are. thank you, dr. sarata, chair hagerty, secretary graham, members of the board of trustees, president sarata. my name is fernando flores. i am the vice president of finance and administration. i will

be providing you an overview of the budget development process this afternoon. i am joined by associate vice president anna suniga and she put together the revenue estimate projections as well as maintaining the four-year model up update. in addition, we have miss laura deis, who is our budget director and guides the process from february all the way to

august. she is in charge of coordinating um the budget development process for us and does a great job for us in that respect. uh before i get started with the powerpoint presentation, i wanted to add that the pres presentation today has um very preliminary numbers in some respect that will be moving and getting updated through the summer.

and so these numbers will change as dr. sarata said with uh the next presentations, excuse me. and so um also the goal of the budget development process is to produce a sustainable budget at the end of uh the period. what we hope to present uh for board approval in august will be a sustainable budget. that is our

main goal. sustainable. so this next slide shows the main items of the presentation we will cover today. go over an overview of budget development process for fiscal year 2526. we will look at an overview of revenue sources for fiscal year 2425 and projected revenues. we will look at the 2425 adopted budget and projected expenditures. and then these

next two items will guide the budget development for next year. we will look at an overview of fiscal year 2526 projected revenues. then we will look at uh the baseline budget. this is based upon the submission by all the executive uh level that is represented here on my right. and then um that will result in preliminary budget

strategies. that is more a compilation of the projected revenues, expenditures, and different scenarios for your consideration. and then uh the 4-year financial model has been updated. and then we will look at next steps for adoption of the fisc year 2526 i know that many of you have seen this slide before, but there is a couple of newer

board members uh as part of the team. so, i will review it again. in february, the budget workshops are presented by miss stis to district staff. she holds two workshops per year where they are updated on uh on the budget process. if they have any questions, any new managers are provided the opportunity to attend. and she provides

hands-on training. uh people can log on to their budgets and banner and so she does a great job with that. in february also the budget requests are completed by the executive level that is represented here today. march 7th is the deadline for their submission of budgets. march through april, the budget office compiles all of those submissions by

the executive level and produces a baseline budget from their submissions. we will be seeing the baseline budget in later slides. april through may meetings are held with the vice presidents to review their respective budgets to see if they have any questions, anything that we can help them with on their budget development. that is their opportunity to review

what they are submitting and uh ask us any questions that we might help them with. in the may time period, we meet with dr. sarata and present him the baseline budget based upon the executive level submission. and so we go over the revenue projections and talk about any budget strategies that uh we need to consider any salary

enhancement options that uh might be supported by the projected revenues and we have those kinds of discussions. after that um in july we are going to review and approve additional funding requests that have been vetted by dr. set that has not happened yet. so we were that is going to be our next uh step in the budget

process and usually results in lower numbers i might add. so um in june through august we present workshops to the board as the numbers are firmed up and we get clarification on any issues on funding that we are seeking and then results in august with the adoption of the budget by the board of this is um overview

of the budget development process a little bit higher level. um the process started in february as i mentioned. we are going to look at current year fiscal revenues which are the basis for revenue projections for next year. so those are uh impacted by enrollment uh interest rates uh things that are happening at the state level where we

base the projections on. um then we are going to look at the 2526 budget based on rollover of the current 2425 adopted budget and it is adjusted for any salary savings from vacant positions and reallocation of funds by the executive level. additional requests are submitted by the executive levels and are reviewed by the budget office and vetted

for funding by the president. that is a major step in budget development as well. and then we will evaluate salary enhancement to remain competitive in hiring and retaining faculty and staff. so these are the some of the key timelines that are going to guide us in our process. and as a reminder, uh the board has to approve

a budget by august 31st. so for the current year, this is what the revenues sources look like. for the current year, our budget is $166.4 4 million and the revenue sources are comprised by the largest property tax revenue 73 million almost 44% of the budget followed by state appropriations 44.1 at 26.5% of the budget tuition and fees

39 million 23% those are the three largest categories of revenue sources for the district in addition we have self-supporting programs um estimated at $3 million. other income largely comprised of interest income, $6.3 million. and then we have overhead recovery. this is recoupment of the administrative cost related to grants and contracts. grants and contracts allow for entities to

charge an administrative fee. it is called an overhead recovery fee. and so that brings in revenue when we manage grants and contracts. so these are the expenditures supporting the current budget that we are operating under. and so um the largest category here is instruction $55.1 million 33% of the budget uh followed by institutional support almost 51 million

academic support 20.7 student services 12 million physical plan 13.3 million followed by uh public service over here 3.4 4 research 214,000. um the classification method here that we are required to follow is prescribed by nubu national association of college and university business officers. so this is the classifications that we have here. uh also would let you know

that this classification is the same one that you would see in our financial bernie sir instructional support that is salary up to the in classroom level right yes sir those that is all the faculty and the faculty and then instructional support what is that covered so institutional support yeah institutional i am sorry that is the administrative administrative

offices that is uh payroll accounts payable vp all the supporting purchasing all and then academic support. academic support is the labs, the libraries. okay. counseling. got it. what is transfers? transfer. transfers are uh certain amounts set aside to be set to certain funds that support other activities. for example, the transfers uh we do a transfer for texas

public education grant of $1.1 million. texas public education grant uh is mandated by law from the state. so that is a mandatory transfer. that is 1.1 million. in addition, we transfer another 1.3 million to the plant fund for ongoing projects. and then we transfer to the athletics program, sport athletics, and then student activities. uh we we also

we we also do a small transfer to student government that record show that m has joined me. so i will go into more detail on the slide later on for the proposed year. so this same budget now is organized by expense category. so in here what you see is the largest portion is going to the staff and

faculty salaries. so over here on the right you see faculty salaries budgeted at 56.8 million 34% of the budget. and then over here you see staff salaries at 50 million.3. and then here you see benefits at 14.2. 2. if you add those three categories, that represents about 73% of the budget. so that is probably the biggest takeaway

from this this particular slide that most of the budget goes to staff and faculty salaries and benefits. yes, sir. utilities. util go back. supplies and services. is that where utilities is? yes, sir. so, we are going to pay a lot more for electricity. you are going to put it in so, uh we talked about salaries and then

uh we have contingency of 6.7 at the top that contains a bianium reserve largely in it. um, we talked about benefits, supplies and services as as uh mr. xer says that does include utilities, it maintenance, software, those kind of things. we talked about transfers and then smaller amount to travel 1.3 million and equipment 1.1 million. in addition,

in the blocks underneath the salaries classification, you see a breakdown between full-time and part-time in those categories as so now we look at how we are doing in the current year. current year, what this slide does, it compares the adopted budget right here in 2425. this is the budget we are operating under. and then the middle column,

what miss zuniga did is projected out what we are actually going to bring in. and then we have a variance in a percentage compared to the adopted budget. so as we can see on the state appropriations line item, we have a variance of 4.7 million to the good up uh 107%. that is because of a dynamic adjustment

the college uh received from the state. we received additional funding because of performance outcomes that were reported. can you please repeat that for the judge to hear? i heard that. wait till you hear how much we are going to get this year. is that the 48 is the number you cannot your best yet? i mean you got

last night. is that it? no. this is the current year, mr. xer. and so it is a dynamic formula now with house bill 8 with the capacity of house bill 8. and so they fund us based on projections. uh when our actual outcomes came to fruition uh and we certified those with the coordinating board um the funding

level was increased um about $4.7 million based on our actual outcomes. so that is all the fact continued this year 4.7. so um the projected revenue is higher than the adopted budget revenue uh 10.71%. the next item, overhead recovery. we are expecting a small decline. we are adjusting that number as we do the budget development. that is

the overhead recovery from grants and contracts. um so a very small decrease there. under local funds, the tuition and fees line item uh comparing the adopted uh revenue budget of 39.1 compared to the projection of 42.5. we have a positive variance of 3.4 million on the tuition and fees. that is because of the gradual increase in enrollment

um that is occurring. uh incidentally, we ran a report yesterday and summer is up 12%. still holding at 12% up, which is very good. uh the fall uh at the moment very preliminarily is up as well. um, so tuition and fees that has a a positive variance of 8.7%. property tax revenue is projected to be 75.8 million.

uh, positive variance of 2.7. um, what what happens on property tax revenue when we budget for that? very conservatively. the the tax office discounts the values by 2.8%. 8% certified values that they give the college are lower by 2.8% of what the valuations are. so the number that we book is a conservative number and that is provided

to all the governmental entities in el paso, the 2.8 uh% because they might have some lawsuits that are occurring uh re large refunds that may happen and they do not want it to hit the taxing the entities all at once. so it is a very good uh it is a very good thing that they do on our

behalf. so because of that practice where they certified lower values to us um you can see the outcome that we are projecting. we are going to bring in 2.7 more than we budgeted. so that is the result of that. and then we have other income that has a positive variance of $4.4 million. the other income, the the

big item in there is interest income. we budgeted very conservatively at five $5 million for the year, but our interest income is about $9 million so far. we have already we we already almost doubled the budget. but the reason we do not budget that higher is because interest income is very volatile. and so it is not a

good uh item to build a sustainable budget on. if you budget too high and the interest rates go in the tank, then that is not a very sustainable budget. so consequently, we budget conservatively for interest and this is a result of that. so when we look at that subtotal there, we are looking at a positive variance of

10.6 6 million for the current year up to this point up through local funds. and then we look at self-supporting projected revenues are going to be 1.584. that does not mean we are going to have a deficit. this is only projected revenues. in a while, we will look at projected expenditures. self-supporting accounts by definition break even. the

the expenditures should not exceed revenues. so on this revenue chart uh when you compare the budget of 3 million for self-supporting compared to the projection, it is a decrease of 1.4 million. all that that means is that we did not have uh 3 million of self-supporting accounts active uh within the college. so overall what you see here,

the takeaway from this slide is that we are projecting 180 million in projected revenue compared to the revenues projected in the adopted budget of 166 is an overall positive variance of 13.8 million 8.3%. and and when when do we close this? uh august 31st. so uh we got three months looking good almost 14 million for three months

next three so you are going to see you are going to see the $180 million on the next slide. it is going to carry over to uh the the budget status slide. so i am we are fairly confident in 180. so this is the budget status slide. this combines what we are projecting as revenue up here. the

180 $80 million from the previous slide. we are projecting that. and then so we did a projection on what we think expenditures are going to come up to. so we project expenditures at $145.7 million. that is what we project out. um, so that is going to result in a surplus of $34.5 million as we project here as

of the end of may. now, what you see here is we adopted a budget uh revenues of 166. we have 180 uh million coming in. so, we exceeded the budget by 13.8 million. that is a part of why we have a surplus. and then on the expense side, we have uh we are under the expenditure budget by

about 20 million. those two together result in the surplus that we are projecting of 34.5 million. and that will uh be used for fund balance to maintain a 25% uh ratio of fund balance to operating budget. and then also uh for sax accredititation purposes they like to look at a healthy fund balance. so these kind of results

uh result in good reviews by sachs and also the rating agencies look at your performance. how did you all do? how are you managing the budget? how are you how are your numbers coming up? how are your estimates holding up? uh so surpluses are um very beneficiary. ultimately, after we hit the 25% fund balance using some of

this, there is still going to be an amount left over that we are going to move to the project reserve for capital projects. those capital projects will address deferred maintenance and any capital projects for renovations, anything related to buildings and grounds, those kind of things. and as usual, like most entities, we have more need than we have

money. so, this is very helpful to the district. are there any questions on the slide? could you um go over the overhead um i know that variance. sure. and how we reduce that or i know you mentioned contracts right here. yes. that overhead recovery and how we reduced that amount. sure. so when we are estimating what going

to bring in on over recovery, we look at all the contracts that the college has with federal agencies, state agencies, local agencies. some of those contracts allow for us to recoup administrative cost. that is the called the overhead recovery rate. so for example, uh the national science foundation uh allows us to recoup 15% of personnel and benefit

cost in the contract. so we estimate what that number is going to gen generate and that is overhead recovery for that one example i have. but some of the contracts allow for overhead recovery, some of them do not. uh one of the items of contention this year with the federal government is that they are proposing uh for

the national science foundation that um which was previously uncapped, you could charge them uh your internal indirect cost recovery rate. the colleg's indirect cost recovery rate is 41%. that is very nice. so when you see an uncapped grant, you say, "hey, we are going to recoup 41% to pay ourselves back for having staff support that." theirs is

getting lowered to 15%. that is a result of what is happening in the federal world. so far, that is the only one on the recovery that is being impacted. so, this this decrease here, this movie, uh, shows less activity that we are having in the grants. okay. thank you. you are welcome. are there any other questions on

this slide? i do. yes, sir. do we carry uh vacancies at 10 million a year? so, um right now that is the value of vacancies as of may. that number is going to grow. yeah, that number is going to grow as people leave the college. um and and we may not be recruiting or it is taking us

a while to find somebody that contributes to that vacancy number. so vacancies are the result of you know turnover and so that number is the dollar value of the vacant positions that we have but it is also the vacancies that we have filled the year right some some some take years judge some are are within this fiscal

year some are within this last couple of months um so it is a variety of all of those respective areas i have um let the vice presidents know that they have full control of their respective budgets. if they have vacancies and they they need to merge positions to create a higher level position, um they need to add

resources to specific positions that they have full authority within their respective areas to use these vacancies in the way that they see fit. they obviously bring those to me and then i approve them. um but um this is a little larger than our normal vacancy rate. um, i i want to say last year at this time we

were probably in the 7 to8 million range. um, but we we are never staffed at 100%. so, so um, if you look at the complete budget, it is 166 million and approximately 75% of the budget are salaries and benefits. 121 million. yeah. so, that is what you are looking at. it is roughly um a little less than

10%. 10%. is that normal for most colleges or to be at about 90%? um i i only have a couple of college experience. um but i would say that in the 90 to 93% is is about the normal range for for higher ed and for community colleges. okay. thank you. so moving ahead to the planning for next

year's budget uh for 2526 the 89th legislature has met and so as a result of that uh they determine our near final run appropriation amount and so uh that is based upon on performance measure outcomes and uh they talked about payment methods and refined this during the current bienium that has happened also uh the the state uh

house bill 500 increased the funding for community colleges by $89.5 million. uh that was because community college colleges outperformed the forecast that the coordinating board did. so those two things have happened. uh the tuition and fees that we are going to project for next year are based upon the tuition rate schedule effective for this fall. we have

not raised tuition since fall of 2020. so that is still the same tuition rate and it is also based upon current year enrollment. i mentioned to you that summer is trending higher, but we are budgeting very conservatively at at the enrollment uh for this year. even if it is projecting higher, we not until we see that number.

not until we see the dust settle do we um budget the increased amount. so, we are budgeting flat the current year's enrollment. and there is no tuition rate increase plan for 2526 property taxes based upon a preliminary taxable property valuation of 76 or 77 billion um and new property at 1.6 billion and a preliminary no new revenue

rate of 09839 cents per $100 valuation. this is a very preliminary number. uh these numbers will change. uh the the city sends us reports once a month. this is going to change. it is going the rate to go up and the valuation is going to go down. people protest and those kind of things happen. so that is

going to reduce the the valuation and it is going to drive our rate a little bit higher. typically that rate will change by about three or four percent. it'll probably go over just a little over 10. yeah, 10.1 probably. but still the nice trend for the college if you look at a 5-year trend in 2020. we were

at 14 cents per $100 valuation. we are capped at 15 cents. we are cap. we are close to our cap. so as a result of uh valuations continuing to go up uh that is driving our no new revenue rate down which is good because should the college need taxing capacity we would have it in case of an

emergency like but we had to hire like 40 faculty several years ago raised taxes in 1819 4% uh to hire faculty we had the the gunpowder to do that this creat creates a lot of capacity for the district. yes, sir. we benefited last year by a tremendous increase in property valuations. correct. yes, sir. okay. what does it

look like for the next year? does it look like we are going to hold property valuation same? does it look like refunds will lower it? are we looking for another big increase? what is property valuation? we meet with the central physial district uh d kilgore and her team and we get updates on uh what is happening uh

there is a lot of building going on in el paso. uh so that is uh that projecting very well for property valuations to go up. so we also um have have come to learn that over these past few years they have been uh re-evaluation years. in other words, uh traditionally the cad uh has not reevaluated residential property

but once every three years. now they are every year. so the best guess is the net value of the property will go up. i mean all the activity up and funds and all the buildings. yeah. you think it'll go up like what maybe 1%. i mean i know it is swipes. we we have been trending about um

adding about $6 billion per year to the valuation. um almost 10%. close to 10%. yeah. okay. my my my home went up 41%. so, and i did not do anything to the house. as my wife would tell you, i feel you. yes. so last year our valuations were 68 billion. now we are at 75. the year prior

to that we were at 61 billion. the year prior to that we are at 55. so we are doing about 67 billion the last three years between 8 and 10% instruction. that is very good now that we keep getting the same no new revenues. so our essentially tax rate goes down right. here. that is correct. so, the

no new revenue rate um adjusts and we are only entitled to receive the same amount of revenue we received last year, but that does not take into account the new property. and so, as a result, we see um mr. flores and his team normally budget for about a million more dollars in revenue from tax annually. but we

have the option as a board, as an institution, that we could then change our own tax rate ourselves. that is correct. i mean, up to 8%. yeah. if if you choose to increase it. if you choose to lower it, there is no percentage. but if the board chooses to increase our tax rate, we can go up to

8% without a um election. if you go beyond eight, we have we are not precluded from okay. we are not that. that is um legislation was passed in the uh 2021 session that restricted school districts, cities, counties um to they went from 8% to 4%. um we we worked hard at the state level that community colleges were

not included in that. so our rate has remained at 8%. despite us only doing that twice in the last 25 so another factor um so some of the other factors in the strategic planning for the budget development process there is going to be discussion consideration for a salary enhancement for employees and then as we have mentioned earlier

uh additional funding requests that have been submitted by the executive level that are going to be evaluated for consideration into the budget. and then the last two bullets uh continued impact of gaz 68 and 75 on unrestricted net position. so those are amounts are unpredictable to us. uh so uh we we get a hit of between one

and $6 million to our fund balance every year. so we do not budget for that. but as you saw by the budget surplus on status slide previously uh that is absorbed into any uh surplus that the college might be realizing. so there will be impact from the gazsbies. we do not find that out till about october when

we are closing our books and then we come back and book it. uh so we do not we do not know what that is. that is we are dependent on the state giving us that information to book. um the last item, um there is another new gazsby uh 101 on compensated absences that we are going to have

to implement uh this year. and so uh we expect an impact of about $200,000 for that. and what is that cover? so gazsby 101 is being changed. gatsby 101 or gazsby uncompensated absences says that you have to book a liability on august 31st for everything that you owe in vacation and sickness. so for many years we have

been booking the vacation balance that is owed to employees converting that to a dollar value and then we pay off 10% of the sick leave balances that has a dollar value. so we book a liability of about 4.3 million and so whenever we book a liability as an offset to an expense so we have been carrying that

in our books. now, uh, the so gatsby's come back and said, "not only do you have to book that, but you have to project out what people are going to use in the coming year." so, we are going to have to we are going to have to go through hoops to estimate that like a 10page report that

tells you how to figure out. miss zita, congratulations on that. so, that is going to result in more expense to us. so, about 200 $200,000 we are expecting. who is not the gatsby? who who comes up with all these new formulas? so the governmental accounting standards board gatsby mr. colleagues [laughter] is the standard set setting uh body.

yeah. for uh governmental on the private sector it is fazby. we are on the governmental side. we are gazsby. so, so, um, if we do not comply with the pronouncements, we could get an unmodified opinion in our annual financial report. and so, that would be really bad for us. our annual financial report is critical to getting pal

funding. uh, governmental entities look at how our journal controls that. i mean, that is that has so much impact the financial report. we do not have a choice in the gazbies, mr. mr. hagerty. we do not have a choice. we have to comply with that. oh, i know we have to comply, but it seems like they come

up with a new one every year. like i said, gi 68 and 75 impact us by$und00 million right to our fund balance when those hit in 2016. so that money just sits there. boom. do we get any interest on that money? we do. okay. great question. each gazby like gaza has an identified target has a different focus.

these guys and how are we how many gases are we subject to now 75 they are up to 101 up to 101 how many of those are fully funded as far as none of them result in uh increased liabilities they they have a different area of focus they have some of them can be displayed how you show

deferred outflows and inflows which will not have an impact it'll just mean this aggregating information and presenting it differently yeah but with regards to 68 and 75 we are fully funed on those we did not used to be. we are now as far as i mean actual financial exposure to what is required. we are funded up to

but not 101. we do not know what 101's impact is going to be, but we are estimating at least currently that it would be a few hundred,000 $400,000 change. we'd be able currently to cover that. that is correct. okay. so those are the main considerations in the strategic planning for uh the coming budget development process. so we

look at hb8 uh funding model. uh as dr. sarata said, we got the the near final runs. that sounds really um not so final. anyway, um we we are budgeting that amount in the revenue projections for next year. um and as a review that is based upon fundable credentials, credentials of value, 15 semester credit hours of dual

credit. those are the the big uh performance measure outcomes that we are measured by that result in our uh appropriation. and then on top of that, if the students that um help us with these outcomes, if they are economically disadvantaged academically, we get a little bump as well, a small amount. so it is a pretty complicated formula.

and then adult learners, we get a little bumper. this is a funding model for next year, right? and this is projected state funding. and what we are projecting is that our projected revenue is 48a. so in other words, we are projecting a about a $5 million uh decrease in state. so we are not he'll touch on that

shortly. great question. uh mr. the piece of that is the fast funding. so, we are going to talk about that a little bit. would that be additive to the 43? that is correct. okay. so, we are going to talk about the fast so these are some major do we have to hire somebody separately just to keep track

of the government the full employment. um so these are some of the major rule changes that have occurred um that impact our performance outcomes. so these are the new rules now that are going to affect our funding. uh they limited uh stack credentials to one award per type per student per year. um the new credentials value test

for associate degree. they have shortened the uh return on investment period from 10 years to five years and they have also said that they have to have a salary of $30,000. if they meet that criteria, we are going to get funding for it. um if they do not meet that criteria, we will not get funding for it.

so um exempted from those uh from that criteria are education and healthcare uh degrees and programs that we might have. and um also another change is fundable transfer to private and independent colleges and universities. formerly we only got credit they went to a public college or university. now transfers to private institutions. those are called referred to as

i cuts independent colleges and university transfers. then uh they also are maintaining the credit hour threshold for institutional credential leading to lensure or certification. so those are the changes that have built been built into that appropriation that you saw earlier the 43 million those are these changes are already reflective into that number. what is a new credential?

i think i know the first second line. oh, the new what he is referencing is um the current credentials, but what we did is at the state level. so, i am gonna i am presenting to the board today on the legislature. so, i will give you a preview. i am going to speak to um when we start

when we worked on house bill 8 with the coordinating board in the legislature, we set a timeline of 10 years. and that within that 10-year period, every single credential that the college produces is considered a credential of value. so, as we go into the 89th legislative session, so we started that in 23, we got the first funding

for it in 23. we turn around and in 25 the legislature meets and determined that the community college sector was overheating and so they had to find ways that the dynamic system was not quite as dynamic. so we went from a 10-year time frame to a fiveyear time frame in two years. so that is why not all

of our credentials are considered credentials of value now because some of them take longer than five years for the student to see a return on their investment. just one new a credential is like you are certified to be an hvac tech. no, but what the reference in that is is that the new not not credential the credential

of value is what is new. i was just wondering does that mean that you are getting paid for adding new cte programs? we would but but it he is not referencing credentials. he is referencing the theoretic how credentials of value are measured. some other changes are changes in credentials of value to exclude certain associate degrees. um certain

uh degrees are not considered credentials of value for funding purposes uh anymore. this is a change. um if they do not meet the requirement on the fiveyear uh payback period and the $30,000 annual salary, then we will not get funding um for those credentials if they do not meet that threshold. uh the specific areas that are impacted

are these right here. we did an analysis of those six zip codes and we produced 450 approximately 450 degrees in the in those respective areas. so we anticipated that that would be a $1.7 million hit to appropriations. are these mostly stuff that would take longer than five years to it takes? well, because all of those are intended

to transfer. those are degrees intended to transfer and so they really should not start the clock until after the student receives the balora degree. but they are starting the clock as soon as the student enrolls. and that was a change from the prior year. uh before that it was a 10year period, but uh their logic was universities

10 year and colleges are given 10 year colleges should be twoear should be half of the 10 year so they are going to do that the state transition yeah we submit everything mr. tremendous to the coordinating board. so every year, you know, the coordinating board knows when a student first enrolled their first time in college student. they

turn around and measure the student as they go forward. so we submit all of our data to the coordinating board and then the coordinating board um um crunches that data and determines what they are not. you know, i have gone back and forth with commissioner roser as well as um deputy commissioner troutman on some of the measures

that they are looking at. um, so as we went forward, they were saying, "well, it is taking students five years to earn an associates degree." and i am said, "i am looking at your data that you produce, and it indicates that we are taking 3.7 years to produce an associates degree." but that is full-time students, and they

are looking at everyone full-time and part-time together. the important thing is that they hire so at a very high level view of community colleges, how they got funded this year. so for the current year, the one we are operating in now, the state had awarded $2.2 billion. and so because the community colleges outperformed um the year, uh

there is a supplemental funding that increased the funding for the current year to $2.36 billion. um and then for next year the amount is going to increase to 2.4 billion for the community college. so as as the funding is increasing uh the funding reflects all fy26 new laws and rules proposed at the uh by the coordinating board

august special board meeting where they will be approved. uh they will this does not this funding include um opportunity high school diplomas. i think we are a site for that. and um third party credentials and any anticipated uh fiscal year 26 dynamic adjustment or fiscal year 25 setup. settle means that what you performed compared to what they

forecasted for you and then they will settle off with you if they owe you anything. that is okay. now, legislature ban every two years. does this every two years or did you get to review it every year? every year. okay. every year. and the coordinating board will make those adjustments. and so then we will see funding either

go up based on outperforming or go down. if it goes down, it is not taken out immediately. it is taken out in the october of the so, this talks about how we received the funding from the state. um, this week we are supposed to receive our last installment for appropriation for the current operating year. so, we are

supposed to receive 25% of the current year appropriation. uh in september we are supposed to receive anything that they might owe us for the current year. and so that is the fy25 foundation payment. we are going to receive it in september. if they owe us any additional money, they are going to owe us a very small amount

of money um that is still pending in on october 15th. that is the first payment of next year's appropriation. and they all just 50% of their appropriation in advance. so that is the 50% in october 15 fy26 foundation payment and then if there is any other fisc year 25 projected settlement that means that we continue to report

information state and they compare it to what they projected for us any difference if they owe us money they will provide it to us on october 15. so so all of this you covered up to now all is how they slice and dice the 48 million at least this year. yes sir. wow. our two people. so um

the last bullet is uh fiscal year 25 projected setup. what is it? it is the difference between uh 25 performance as dispersed compared to how we actually perform. that is called keep track our appropriation numbers and then we actually reporting and then they recalculate dollars and then there is a difference that is called set up can also

be negatives and some schools have negatives tact there is 18 colleges that are that the runs just came out. i had an advanced copy of it and that is why i provided it to mr. flores, but they literally just came out while we are in this meeting um 34 minutes ago. um to all the presidents in their

areas and 18 colleges are seeing um a downward adjustment based on their outcomes. um the highest colin counties losing $3.1 million, lone star's losing just under three million. big colleges, small colleges or just across the board. across the board, but those two that i just mentioned are are two of the largest in the state. but for them,

given their tax base, that is no big deal, right? that is correct. yeah. so, so what is important to note from those comments and the discussion on settleup is there is inherent risk in our projected revenues. when we budget and we project revenues, there is risk in our budget development. we have to be conservative because things can

turn and we have to absorb any decreases. you hear that dr. gr. but let us go back a little bit. so um those are the upcoming payments. other changes that are happening. um so they are also accelerating there there is several reports that the college generates to the state that are required the report of fundable operating expenditures

the rfoe normally that is due at the end of january so laura is going to have that ready by the end of december so they are accelerating that by a month um that is that sounds simple on the face but we have to have the audit done so we can do that so it is kind of a

cascading thing. we are going to have to push everything back and organize ourselves to uh to meet those reporting deadlines by a month that are different. uh the carrot, the community college annual reporting analysis tool was due january 31st. that is moved to december 31st. um the annual financial reports has the same deadline, but it impacts information

going into those other reports. so, we are going to have to finish the audit quicker and compile any financial statements as quick as real quick. i mean, just way high level out of curiosity, how is all this funded at the state? davis is this totally unfunded within the uh the state of texas or what i am concerned

about or curious about is that if if we go through and get rid of department of education in worst case and you know the goes to crap. uh, do we suffer any kind of exposure if the federal government goes wild and does stupid things? yes, we do. um, and so the grants that mr. flores mentioned earlier when

um the administration these are grants that congress had already allocated and then the administration said we are going to cap administrative overhead at 15%. and so utep felt it much more significantly than we did. but there are grants that we have as well where that nsf, nih, etc. grants when they are capped at 15% and they'd already

been allocated. i do not have an issue with saying from this point forward, if you apply for a grant, your administrative overhead must be no more than 15%. but within the rules and regulations that existed yesterday and now today, we say we are going to cap you at 15% for what we have already allocated. that is caused

a lot of havoc across higher education, not just in the state, but nation. um, in addition, there is several grants that the team and i are working on that the college has federal government has frozen and is in the process of eliminating. um and we have real individuals that are running good grants that have we we have

had for 20 plus years that we are now going to lose. it is mostly at the grant level for grants but not the general operation. it is at the grant level on one hand on the other hand um it is at the pel. so the the bbb uh the big beautiful bill from the house version um was

going to impact 360,000 students in the state of texas. um that would lose pel completely. um so that is a significant impact to to the state and to it would be a significant impact to us. dr. amaya, can you remind me what we estimated? we estimated i think $9 million of a pel hit. and so we administer

approximately $60 million. so we'd be looking at about a 15% hit to pel. and this is an unknown deadline, right? it is on the senate side. the senate fixed a lot. senator cassidy from louisiana, the chair, um, fixed a lot, but it has to go back to the house and the house has to agree to those. so,

things look good for now. that is why you got to be concerned. we do not know what the government's going to do. oh, yeah. i do. and i will not like it. cut there. there is another bill um at the state level that is going to impact this senate bill 1173. and so um that bill proposes or

is changing the threshold for competitive bidding from 50 to okay. so um that will be effective september 1st, 2025. that is significant and brought brought to uh the presentation today for discussion uh for discussion because um right now we take to the board competitive purchases 50,000 and higher. we have to take them to the board for approval.

and so um that is the board's choice, the amount that we take to the for approval. we have to competitively build bill them because that is what the state says. but that threshold is going from 50 to 100,000 that the state has raised that. so um the discussion here is for the board to understand this change and

to consider what in september you want us to take to the board for approval. for perspective, in 2009, the threshold went from 25,000 to 50. so the board at that time said, well, the threshold for competitive bidding went from 25 to 50, then only bring to us for approval items, competitive items, bid, competitively bid items for 50,000.

so it changed in 2009. this is the same happening going from 50 to 100. so the board can decide what you want us to take to the board for approval. that is your decision. you can keep it at the 50 or you can say we want to move with change statement. uh it is my understanding that uh

austin community colleges austin community college requires 150,000 to be taken to their board. now they still have to comply with the 50,000 bidding rule from the state but their board has decided 150 agreed. that is just an example. i am not advocating for that. it is just an example. but it is your choice what you would like

us to bring. now the potential impact if if uh we only take items 100,000 and more to you, there'll probably be a reduction of about 60% in the items that are taken for your approval. so that is the impact of this. now, who approves them besides the board? like if it is going to be at 100,000 and

let us say you already approved it on your end and everybody's worked on it by the time it comes to us it is already been vetted by the president and by everybody right yes and there is considerable purchasing rules right mr. gallo has to comply with tons of competitive bidding different rules that his office complies with within

the law. all of that has happened. the bid has been evaluated by a committee and then the best choice made. it is a very rigorous. so i do not i do not think we have had problems in that you know with the bidding process. maybe many many years ago there were some issues back that was the judges

he was here but i am comfortable with the you know with moving it to a 100 and as and then i think they did because of inflation and the cost of stuff going up. i think that is actually and they have done it from 2009. i am surprised they did not go higher. and then i do not

have any problem with 100,000 100,000 and then getting an information piece just you know a routine information at a board meeting but not necessarily we have this i notic mr. this he is talking you get several contractors we we get a lot of contractors no no but let us say you were going to bid like the air

quite a few bids for for for that type of work uh we pre-approved a large pool of contractors uh maintenance repair and operation called the state list august in july august we bring a long list of recommend vendors for your review and then for each vendor we put a threshold that we cannot exceed so that we can

go to them quickly. many times physical plan is working through emergencies many too many times um we go quickly to these vendors and and they are based upon good reputation uh purchasing tips notes on performance. so we have a list that is brought to you and the threshold that we go to mr. oh i i was just

we have i was going back they say that there is this composite bidding process that that a group of how does that come compared to that does not change with this rule right here? it does not what what mr. flowers was describing vice president flores was describing is exactly um the case. um it is similar. we have

um purchasing has a set of uh of of rules that they have to follow. yeah. and it is also the one that uh do not you have that already uh vetted by region 19 also for yes. so we have pre-approved uh cooperatives we have could not remember. uh just to give you an idea the purchasing procedure is

26 pages long only could have 27 but it is a very detailed extensive and that area is is always looking at the law. they are very they are very good at complying with the letter of the law very i think that is why we are so comfortable with it going to 100 because you know he is such

a the controls they are very good controls within that area and you said austin went all the way to 125 or 115 so we have that ability to come december to it is not necessarily this threshold. correct. so, so that is just for discussion. just for discussion, but i think most of us are comfortable with 100 when

it comes to decision making. so, um mr. here is the financial aid transfer. uh additional revenue that we are projecting. and uh th this one here um we know it is going to change because by this point last year we had received part of this funding. this year we have not received usually we we are funded by

semester and we have not been reimbursed for our fall or spring yet. so the terminology fast here is i do not it is an oxymoron. yes, it is that. it is that. so, uh, this number is this projection is going to change for us because we we haven't received the results of the information we reported for the

fall and spring. so, that will be adjusted in the next presentation. this is the best information we have now. what we do know is the rate for semester credit hour is going to increase from $56.87 for semester credit hour for dual credit or college student to 58.52. this projection of 5.4 million is basically from information we did

uh in 2024 because we haven't gotten to 25 information. so um it is going to change but we are still awaiting payments for the current. so this is the other part of our appropriation number that we have in our projection. under benefits we know the state is increasing health insurance rates by four by 8%. and so uh

another of the must be funded items you are going to see is related to this 8% increase in health insurance and dental insurance. so we are asking for an additional 450,000 supplement our budget for health insurance and then um 25 for the dental indemnity. it is because of the state increasing that rate. now, what we haven't seen

yet, uh, so we we fund 50% of the health insurance costs and we receive an appropriation from the state for the other half of about 7,3,000. we do not know what the new appropriation is yet. we are still waiting for that appropriation amount to know. usually the state increases their appropriation for their 50%. we do not know

what that number is yet. so, these are other things impacting our budget. development on trs. we do not expect a change in the competition. yes, sir. so funding funding for education at state level is is separate for the community college than in four-year k12 education. that is correct. but for health care and stuff like that, do they

coordinate the whole thing? so we are competitive with utp on health benefits or something. not competitive, but we are not they have to negotiate theirs at four-year level and we negotiate as community colleges and that kind of thing. well, the way the state funds each of those respective sectors is different. okay. yeah. they cannot even agree on

that. so towards developing the 2526 budget uh these are the projected revenues for 2526. um the first column we compare them to the current adopted budget revenues that we have as a basis for comparison. in the middle column those are the revenues we are projecting for next year. so, um, for for appropriation, we are projecting $49.5 million

in appropriation. that is the foundation appropriation along with the past 49.6. that is an increase of 5.4 million 12.3%. uh overhead recovery for the reasons where this discussion was on overhead recovery grants we are forecasting a decrease for that but that is a changing number still we are as dr. sata said the federal environment is changing so

that impacts our projections so if they take the cap off of the nsf funds then our projection may go up a little bit or if they make the capuh restrictive, then we will bring in less overhead recovery. so, we are subject to the whims of the state and the federal government on overhead recovery. okay. so, the 10

two is what each each vice president gets to take a chunk of and salary increase that comes out of the 10 million out of the i am sorry. well, if you take our last year budget and this that you are projecting. oh, i see. yes. that tip two is the whatever the vice presidents decide they need in

each one of their divisions in salaries and huh? the board determines our salary. well, it is part of the deal. we got to cover it. but if you can be absent, we will not have to cut anybody's salary. but that that is the i can guarantee you we are not going to decrease anybody's but salary. that is

what we are looking at judge. that is what we have available to us as we continue to move forward and project the budget. 10.2 is what we have to work with. that is correct. that is all i want based on the base budget. so moving to the revenue projections for local funds on the tuition and fees line

item. you see uh projected tuition and fees of $42.5 million. that is based upon the enrollment in the current year. we are budgeting that flat. um and so that results in additional revenue of 3.4 million increase of 8.7% to that line item. and then property tax revenue uh that reflects the tax on new property, the 1.666 666

uh million dollars. that is the what we we will receive from new property. that is a nice increase. uh other income um based when we did this projection on interest income, the market was very different. the market the fed said we are going to cut two times and then rates at the end of year going to be

at two and a quarter. now things turn the other way. the fed did not cut and they are signaling no more cuts. so, it is really difficult to project out uh interest income. what we do is we take a very conservative number, $5 million. we are going to keep it again. so, uh that we we do not

think will go under 5 million. so, that number is sustainable for us. um so, then the subtotal for projected revenues is $173.7 million. when we add self-supporting projected revenues of three million, the total projected revenues for 2526 are $176.7 million. that is going to be the budget for next year because we cannot exceed that uh that amount.

so that is an increase from the current adopted budget of 166.4 million compared to what is projected. so, it is going to be a positive variance of $10.5 million or an increase of 6.16% of projected so, now we see those projected revenues. if we were to um disagregate them and show them by type, uh property tax revenues

expressed as a percentage is 42.2% 2% of the total uh projected operating budget followed by appropriations $49.5 million 28% followed by tuition and fees 42.5% or 24% followed by other income which is interest and followed by self-supporting and overhead recovery that will comprise the projected uh budget for next year and that is how the revenue sources would

break so now we look at the baseline budget. this is all the submissions from the executive level. this is what the budget office did uh in the may time period taking all the submissions from the executive levels and compiling a baseline budget based upon what they submitted. so that middle column is the baseline budget and you see

by executive level area what those projected budgets are that they are requesting. and so um it comes to $162.4 million compared to the adopted current budget of 163.4. that is a decrease of $1 million. there is a couple of variances that are large in here. if you look at the uh $1.2 million uh decrease there, but you

see an increase in the line item row below, that is because in the instructional area, they did some reallocation. they moved some programs from one area to another. so, the area they are going into is an increase. the area they are coming from is a decrease. so, um the workforce and continuing education decreased by 1.2 million. however,

those areas moved over to um workforce instruction and workforce education 616,000. this reflects the movement of position vacant positions and filling them at lower levels. this re this reflects the movement of positions largely. this will continue to move all the way through august the 31st. this is a baseline budget as of may 31st. laura's team will continue

to work on adjusting the baseline budget all the way through august 31st. so, um, this this is the baseline budget as we project. and so when you add in the self-supporting accounts down here totaling 3 million, we are looking at a baseline budget of 165.5 million compared to the current operating budget of 166.5. basically down a million

dollars. yes, sir. i am just looking. so so you had a million2 and you get 66. still 602,000 and you add to that the $278,000 it is almost $900,000 that you are taking out of that which is essentially the bottom line. everything else balances out. where did the other i mean how come you lost $600,000 in workforce

and somebody's not complaining about i lost you know oh we gave you $600,000 back. no, you lost 600 and almost $300,000 out of finance. who gave that up and what? so in finance the 278,000. yeah. so we we maintain a clearing account. that clearing account uh is an account is used to fund um other activities that that

were not originally budgeted. so if somebody says you know i really need to buy this software i need this uh item purchase. it is not in my budget. the budget, the finance area, the finance area will um do a transfer from the clearing account out. so that is a negative. so you are just saying supplementing it. you

are saying is next year i just do not need $300,000 as much as i did last year. yes. okay. so that is the movement. i understand that. it is just that all of a sudden somebody says, "it is strange. see, i just do not need that much money." and it seems like workforce and continue education still is

if if you see i gave $600,000 to instruction in workforce. yeah. well, workforce continuing $62,000. and so, okay. if they think they need a better job with less, well, that is good. okay. a lot of these are also based on retirements, mr. oxen. so, you have a faculty position that is been in the position for a number

of years. we are recognized at our board meeting. um, russ meyers, who is a great faculty member, has been with the institution for a significant period of time. his wage has increased every year. and when he retires, we are able to hire a faculty member at a starting wage, say $600,000. well, depending on how many um retire

theoretically we could it is just good that you can see people net effect hey i can do a better job next year i can do as good a job this year as i did last year as less money that is it is all right particularly considering inflation go up 33% mr. do not mind me jumping in. a

lot of that 616,000 is reflects the movement of the law enforcement academy from adp area to but your point is well taken. yeah, i still i do not you move it, but you still somebody's somebody's coming up with $62,000 less. so um another so doing more with less. we did eliminate some duplication. so we had two offices

running very similar customized training and grants and realized with the retirement of one of the directors we could merge those two offices into one director. and so that is some of the savings there as well. i am not telling you that you know somebody sneaky would go back and justify having two offices and argue that you do

not need to give up 600. i think you did a good job. myself, i would try to hide that second office and see if i can. so, it is if i think your your point is extremely well taken, mr. herster, given the fact that you will see slightly later in in um vice president flores's presentation that we

are going to make some adjustments because so when we do a salary enhancement for our faculty, we say a portion is going towards the table and a portion is going towards a theoretic raise. the employee, the faculty member receives all of it, but we adjust the table and we we have never done that on the staff side.

and that is part of the reason some of those vacancies are still vacant is because we are having a harder time competing for staff, particularly at lower levels of the institution or starting pay. and so what i have asked the staff to do is to make according adjustments to tables for staff so that in the future we

will not have the same challenge. so you are saying it is all i's fault that no, i am saying that that um in the past it was not just something that we did and i have asked um uh vice president flores and ap field to work on that for us so that we do not have as hard

a time recruiting. so you are going to see a significant number probably in the $600,000 range. um that is going to be an adjustment to tables so that in the future we will not have $10 million of vacancies. okay, that is good. i still would hide that second office. it is a good thing you are not running

that program. it would be fully justified. i can make paperwork like you would not believe. so now we look at the baseline budget. when you break it out by functional area, this is what it looks like. um in this particular case, uh instruction is uh still at 54.8 million right here, representing 33% of the budget. uh followed

by institutional support over here at $50 million. uh interestingly enough, when you combine instruction with academic support, uh that represents like 44% of the budget. and that is the way it should be. uh supporting students and when you add uh student services to that you are close to over 50% of the budget going to supporting students. so

you see how uh the allocation of budgets is um additionally in here you have uh as part of the $165.4 4 million baseline budget. 20 million is dedicated to academic support and also um physical plant 13.2 million student services 122 million uh public service 3.8 uh research 214,000 um over here and then self-supporting one 3 million transfers

of 7.5 million. so that is how by functional area the baseline budget would be if we look at that same baseline budget by expense category, um then you look at uh it going like 73% to salaries when you consider faculty salaries of 56.4 56.5 million and then you have staff salaries of 50 million and then you have

benefits of 8 and a half million. uh over 70% of the budget goes to staff, salaries and faculty. the rest of it is distributed to supplies 28 million. transfer 7.5 a small amount to travel 1.3 equipment 1.1 uh and then contingency up here $6.5 million. this contains a bianium reserve in case appropriations do not come through uh

something happens at the state level and they cut funding on something. this is just in case uh that is mitigating the risk in budget development by doing that. so this is how by expense category the baseline budget uh which is the starting point for uh for the budget for the year is broken down. now these are the

additional funding requests. this is preliminary and so it is broken down into two categories. the critical needs um those are must be funded items. central appraisal district has raised their budget. they pass on the prorated share to the different taxing entities. our proportionate share is $69.9,000. uh insurance rates keep on rising and so mr. raela projects needing

264,000 more for rising insurance rates. uh we talked about gazsby 101, the impact of implementing that. it is going to hit have a hit of about 200,000. we talked about the 8% increase in health insurance uh 450,000. medicare as in payrolls go up then the related uh payroll taxes go up. in this case it is medicare. we

are estimating uh 80,000 increase. the dental insurance is also tied to the 8% increase from ers for insurance rates and then the reserve for trsp uh appropriation. so that is the matching portion that the employer pays largely trs. so we have more employees. our proportionate share of that is half of eight and a quarter. so resulting in

$210,000 more that we are going to need. um, and then it software, some of the contracts have built-in escalation clauses, 10 or 15%. so, those are increases related to software maintenance that are built in to the contracts. so, the critical items total 1,665,000. you are going to see that number in just a little bit on the budget

strategy slide. and so these other funding requests are the ones that are being vetted by dr. sarata and they are broken out by executive level here and those total $2.4 million at the moment. i i can see where that 600,000 you saved me has now been invested in 1.6 million central. so you saved me 600,000 and you

wanted 1.6 back. so these are the additional funding requests and the two categories within that category that are being uh considered. so this is where everything gets collapsed together. this is one slide that brings in your projected revenues of 176 million. and then we just talked about the baseline budget 165.5 million. that yields an initial budget surplus

of now, we just talked about the must be funded on the additional funding requests of $1.6 million. and so, the next item here is a 6% adjustment to the salary tables that dr. sarata mentioned is going to help us with recruiting and retaining staff. um associate vice president melenna field and her team have uh done u a

process to adjust the tables by 6% and so the impact of that would be an increase of $672,080. i would say that $400,000 of that uh is related to uh full-time staff. the other 200,000 of that number is to bring anybody making less than $10 an hour up to $10 and that is about 282 partners. we still

have people making less than 10. i thought we agreed at the last even when christina was here that they were going to we have worked on it dr. graham and we have a good handle on it at this point where we believe that this will cover all employees. uh we had a number of part-time employees that were

under 10 and then some of our um uh work study areas. how many employees?und it'll impact 125 part- timerrs making less than $10 an hour. and then on the 6% adjustment, it'll impact 395 part- timerrs uh impacted by increasing the tables by 6%. so part- timerrs are about five four 525 part- timerrs will be impacted by this

increase. uh there'll be about 127 full-timers impacted as if the tables are increased by 6%. and then um there is about 162 vacant positions that are in recruitment that would be impacted as well. so all together uh the 6% increase is going to impact uh $463,000. raising the part- timerrs to $10 up to $10 has an impact

of about $28,000. all told this uh increase right here that will help us recruit and retain staff uh has a current value of 672. what i would tell you is when this study was done by the hr by miss field's hr team um it does not consider if the board does a salary increase then this table amount

will go down because we did it before any salary increase. so if you do a 3% increase as an example for the next year, the 463,000 will probably go down to so this is this number here is very preliminary because we do not know what the board's going to approve as an increase, but it will help with

retaining and recruiting staff. as dr. at mentioned we have a lot of positions uh the lower levels that are making um under the amount that these tables would be adjusted to. so they will see a bump from that. this increase will only affect one administrative person. only one the majority of the rest will be classified staff impacted.

and on the $10 increase um bring everybody up to $10. only three full-timers that were affected by that. all the rest were part- timerrs. so, we we we uh this process will help align those dollar values. i do not know u miss field, did i leave anything off? no, other than how critical it is that we adjust

the tables because it is been since 2016 that we haven't seen any tables for the employees. so, it is critical that we do so that that has a value of 672,000. so the these are kind of two items that we feel uh are very important to uh approve these two increases and that will still yield a surplus

of $ 8.9 million. and so um you saw the value of the additional request at 2.4 million here. and so um that would leave still if that was funded an amount to increase the bianium reserve by $6.5 million. now that is the very basic column here. what you have in the 1% 2% 3% up to 5% scenarios.

we have added the value of a salary enhancement at 1% in case we wanted to do some multiples or half of a percentage. you know what 1% is valued at. but here you see the value of a 2% enhancement 3% so forth and so on. if we look at the 3% column here, what we see is with

a 3% salary increase, which is uh close to what inflation is, um you still see a surplus of $3.4 million that would go to the benium reserve. so these are at the moment with the preliminary numbers that have been presented to you um how the outlook is going forward. are there any are there any questions related to

this? so next we are going to talk about the 4-year uh financial model. uh it has been updated and has current numbers in it uh from last year. and so this model chooses to analyze future capacity should we need to raise something then the model is available for that. if we wanted to raise uh tuition and you

chose to uh approve uh uh tuition rates, this model could project that. if you felt the need to raise property taxes, this model could project that as well. it is a tool to use in modeling different budget scenarios that uh might be considered. and so uh it tracks revenue sources that are trending higher than in previous years.

um enroll if enrollment is growing it can tell you what the impact of that might be. if state appropriations are are growing as well and there is changes we can model that also other factors or assumptions. it covers two legislative periods. so it covers four years in case we need to do that. uh if you wanted to

as i said, tuition increases which are not uh on discussion or recommended u and also it implies steady property valuation increases and assumes regular salary enhancement. so this is a static model. this is a pdf of the model and so um it has a lot of information in it and it um has a lot of pieces to

it. and so this is what the model looks like. and then the second part of this model shows the impact of fund balance. that is a little bit dizzying, i know, but it is the it is the process we go through in case we want to consider increasing fund balance. we maintain a fund balance of 25% of

fund balance to operating budget. and so those considerations are in here. it considers transfers to project reserve, a lot of different things. so at this point, i do not know if anybody has any questions related to um the next steps going forward, we will continue to recruit efforts for summer and fall registration, update revenue projections with final

state appropriation numbers that might be provided. hopefully, we will get the fast funding that will help us uh project that better. and uh miss davis will continue to compute the no new revenue rate as she receives updated information and and we will get the final appraisal ruled in july. and miss stasis's team will continue to move the

baseline budget for vacancies and hires and all that is going on. she'll continue to advance it forward and then dr. sarata will be reviewing additional funding requests that have been submitted and then we will prepare for the final budget presentation workshop to the board of trustees which will be in the last board meeting. uh planning for adopting

the budget. june 30th, we should get updated uh property appraisal. july 25th is a deadline for getting certified values. early august there uh might be either in late july or early august. probably august. might uh there should be a board meeting. that board meeting is very important because that is where the salary enhancement if one is going

to be passed needs passed for hr to have enough time to uh update the banner system. so that is why that is scheduled in early august. that is a a very important uh date for us. and then finally august uh the regular board meeting will u with the adoption of the 2526 operating budget and the no new

revenue tax rate will be approved by the board of trustees. so that completes the presentation. if there is no questions then thank you. thank you mr. lewis. good job. and we do not need to go on any concession. so we are
