hello. this is a test. hello. i hear me. check. affairs committee for september 3rd, 2025 will now come to order at 159. oh, i have a minute. i am on a roll. there we go. we will now come to order at thank you. this meeting was called for the purposes listed on the duly posted meeting notice. the

other committee members are trustee sean shabban, uh cynthia linton gary, and alternate trustee renee uh patterson. i am sorry i butchered your name, colleague. uh, a citizen desiring to appear before the board of trustees shall complete the hearing of citizen form 24 hours prior to the meeting and file set application with board services. at this time, i

have been informed that no one has signed up to speak. is that correct? thank you. we will begin with item a which is a proposed balorate expansion uh conversation or report item rather and uh there is no action. so, dr. uh margaret ford fischer. thank you very much madam chair, members of the board. applied baloria degrees are

workforce bachelor's degrees that provide a seamless pathway for our workforce students to continue on from an associates workforce credential and onto a bachelor's degree in the workforce bachelor's degree field. if the bachelor's degree is not available through hcc, then our associate degree completers may then opt to enroll at another community college for the final two years. if

the balory degree is available at their institutions, colleges are allowed to offer a maximum of five balor degrees. we are now eligible to provide pathways to the bachelor's degree in three additional fields to serve the unique needs of our communities, our students, and of course the businesses who work with us. so with your permission, madame chair, dr.

norma perez, senior vice chancellor of instruction and student services, and dr. miguel ramos, vice chancellor of instructional services will lead the presentation of the disciplines under consideration and proposed and answer all questions. dr. perez. thank you, chancellor. hello. good afternoon, madam chair. trustees and chancellor. today, we are here to present a more detailed report on the significant

three new proposed bak balari degrees being considered. if you have attended any of the community partnership events being held at each of our colleges, you heard hcc has identified three areas of focus. nursing, computer information systems and business for potential baloria degrees uh development. i shared the same um that these areas of focus at the uh board

of trustees meeting held on june the 18th, 2025 described that at the time as nursing, computer science, and business management. the next step in the process is collecting feedback and perspectives from stakeholders to provide guidance and context for program development. over the next year, each of these program areas will engage in deep conversations about the design of

each degree plan, including curriculum, potential specialization tracks, as well as faculty needs and budgetary needs. the goal would be to present at least one, if not two, fully articulated new balari degree plans for the hcc board of trustees consideration by november of 2026. with your permission, i will hand over the presentation to dr. ramos who who will

provide a more detailed overview of how we came about the selection of these three proposed balar degrees. dr. ramos. good afternoon, chancellor, madam chair, and trustes. good afternoon. so, i want to walk through the process a little bit of how we arrived at these areas of focus. and i do want to emphasize from the start that they

are areas of focus, but these are not definitive. if for those of you that were here during the previous deliberation around artificial intelligence and healthcare management, we went through some iterations. uh at the beginning, we talked about different strategies, different approaches. uh for those that were here we actually had begun with a healthcare management in respiratory therapy

and soon realized why would we limit ourselves to just respiratory therapy so we opened up a little bit so first i want to illustrate the timeline going from a h level one to a level two so we saw our first balor graduates in may which is a great achievement for them and a high point for hcc that

prompted the move uh from a level one to two but this timeline also illustrates that it was a long journey to get there it took us time to go through the process of development, developing projections, developing faculty strands, looking at budget, and also looking at the industry. we did a lot of research on what is out there,

needed, what is coming next. so now we are in the early stages of the balora development process after having identified the areas of study that we would like to focus on, which is our our our topic for today. the selection itself was based on factors such as potential labor demand, student demand, growth opportunities and considerations of credentials

of value and high demand status in the region and state. so the information itself was drawn from several different places. faculty groups presented ideas uh that the cec considered. so they brought forth their their proposals or pre-proposals really around several different strands. and we also had the cec uh make its own contributions during deliberations and discussions. one

of the key uh pieces of information that we focused on is a report from handover research. so we actually worked with handover for them to develop a uh market opportunity scan because we wanted to get a sense of what opportunities were out there for hcc in this balor space. so i'd like to point out on this chart

for those of you that can see really it pointed out a couple of areas. so everything that is in yellow was what they call the information technology strand. everything in blue was their management strand. so business, management, organization, leadership, these sorts of things. we notice that in green, the registered nurse was also a high growth performer in

terms of student demand and labor growth. and then we also already have the healthcare and health administration management, which as you can see was high growth on both strands. in fact, i think if you dig deeper into the report, that was the highest demand uh over time. time they had a high growth potential in healthcare management. so

it is great that we already have that. so after looking at these strands, the information from the proposals and then also the community survey reports that were administered last fall in our community partnership meetings, uh as dr. bur just mentioned some of her presentations in those meetings uh this uh in the past couple of weeks, the three

strands that people focus on the most in the community are business, health management and uh artificial intelligence. so again in that technology computing space. so based on all of these factors and these deliberations we have identified the general areas of computer information systems, nursing and business. so the snapshot that you see in this slide is based off

litecast data. so it kind of illustrates the potential for some of these areas in terms of annual uh starting average starting salary, annual openings and the 5-year growth potential. this data will change over time as we investigate the various possibilities within each of these degrees. i think the only one, and dr. harrison, you can tell me if

i am totally off base here. the only one that will not have specializations is probably nursing because a bsn is a bsn. it does not have any other flavors. um, business is probably the one that has the most possibility for uh, specializations because there is not only is there a wide range of topic areas within business itself

and management leadership, but there is also a lot of opportunity outside the discipline for management in other spaces. we already have healthcare management, but there is uh, industrial management, operations management, so there is other opportunities in that area. the general timeline is development from fall of 25 through september of 2026. so over the next year, we are

going to be having these discussions, development. i think the first idea is to kind of pick the house. we have already identified the rough the neighborhoods that we want to be in. now we got to define what kind of house we have. what is the structure of the degree that we are looking for? because once we identify,

for example, the zip codes that we are going to be using, we can start then deliberating on facilities, faculty needs, uh financing, all of the different budget elements that come into play. our goal is to have a rough estimate of budgets sometime uh before we start the budget cycle so we can include that in our preparations for

the following year. so in september through october of 2026, our plan is to have the fully realized degree plans for in front of the curriculum and dean council for review followed by our chief academic officer review with ultimate uh uh review by the board of trustees in november or december of 2026 uh depending on how close we

want to be to the submission date for the cb. in january, we would submit to the texas higher uh education coordinating board followed by sas submission. so both any degrees at the backord level are going to need to go through sax review. and then finally, we would hope for a july 22 27 sachs approval decision with implementation

to follow in august of 2027. so i think that the primary focus at least initially will be in the business area and the computer information systems area. we want to make sure that we get through uh cleanly on the nursing programs before we make that attempt. but that does not mean we cannot work on the balor degree

in the next year for nursing as well. just to be prepared for all eventualities. so that is the end of the formal presentation, but i am happy to entertain any questions or comments uh that you all may have. colleagues, any questions? trustee siobhan, appreciate the presentation and an incredibly exciting um opportunity for the institution and greater keyson

community going forward on this. um, just want to say the the one of these that is, you know, hands down support go as quickly as we possibly can from my perspective is the nursing degree. i think there is a clear need. we got a clear lane. um, the faster that we can get that up and running um,

in my perspective, the better. um, on the other two, i heard what y'all heard in the community um, partnerships meeting where there was a lot of interest in these uh, in these degree paths and these pathways. um, i think there is two elements that i'd really want to make sure that we are diligent about as we are

developing these materials through the fall semester. um, the first is these are pathways that have a lot of current activity with some of our four-year partner institutions, uv, uv downtown, as well as some of the bigger statewide universities. and so, um, question number one, um, have y'all had an opportunity to engage with our four-year partner institutions about

how our offering might flange up or compete with their four-year offerings to make sure that we are not actively competing over the same needs, that we have discrete lanes and that, you know, everybody can attract the students that that would be attracted by the institutions. sure. we haven't had direct discussions with four years. we do scan the

four years to make sure that we have uh some space to work with. there is actually a formal process through the cb in which we submit the planning uh to them and the cb reaches out to the herk so the regional gf coast council here and they then have an opportunity to provide information to us about any

concerns they may have. it is a pretty standard process. we receive those notifications all the time. i think recently we got a masters in computer science to review uh which does not really affect us. so we said that is fine. but every institution in the region receives a notification. and each president receives it and they distribute it

to their provos or chief academic officers and we have those conversations. no, thanks for that. i will just over the next month i think it'd be really helpful before y'all come back to us just to to have conversations especially with those houston area for your institutions um so that we can get you know their input through you

in that presentation about everybody's comfort level with us standing up what could from the outside look like competing pathways. i think that would be a really helpful addition to that presentation. um the second question is on the computer information systems. um there is a lot of buzz in the last couple of weeks about ai finally starting to

visibly chip away at employment data in those uh systems. i think the st. louis fed just issued a report um showing that both computer science and computer engineering undermployment statistics are a couple of percentage points higher than the broad graduating undergraduate population. um, and so a curious um how y'all are taking things like that into account, but

b curious if if the employment situation in the computer science and computer engineering sectors degrades further because of the impacts of ai, is there a backup plan? um like is there another degree path that we could explore that is less exposed to that kind of like ai influenced short-term um you know employment opportunity impact so that we

can still fill out our our dance card of five pathways without diving into something that is already kind of structurally weak from an employment standpoint. absolutely. like we always want to make sure we have backup plans. so we there were other ideas in the hopper in terms of what we might consider for a baloric degree and certainly

putting out a call for more ideas is always an option in terms of examining market and labor uh information that is something we constantly are engaged with. so for example when we were looking at healthcare management and artificial intelligence we actually did a deep dive on a lot of not just think pieces but also uh presidential commission

reports on artificial intelligence labor market from the department of labor on healthcare management. so it is very deliberate process and one thing that i can say with full confidence is that we would not propose an award in which we saw a a decline in potential over time. one of the key components in our annual program vitality reporting

is an automation or i am sorry in our liccast reporting is the automation index which gives us a long-term view about the extent to which a particular discipline may be affected or impacted negatively by automation components. uh so we always take that into account as well in terms of the long term. the flip side of that is

trying to gauge the the long-term perspective of the field itself. so for example, if you had tried to go to law school 10 years ago, people would have said you were crazy because the law school enrollment had plummeted and and been destroyed essentially. but it is made a comeback. so at some point it there was an additional

uh increase in enrollment. one of the areas that we always focus on with that in that regard is petroleum. we see peaks and valleys depending on the market. and so we generally tend to not panic too much about declines in a given year. we try to look at the long-term perspectives uh in order to understand whether something

should be you know consolidated or deleted or if it is simply something we see in the market at that time but it is going to come back at some point. all right. thank you. you are welcome. thank you trusty sheban. yeah. okay. well, thank you. that was very thorough. so, thank you. now, we will move to if

there is nothing else, we will move to item b, early college high school uh program update. chancellor. thank you very much, madam chair. members of the board, this is a discussion item that will provide an update on the early college high school program and performance outcomes. and with your permission, madame chair, dr. norman perez, senior vice chancellor

and dr. lewis, associate vice chancellor of academic readiness will provide an overview and respond to questions. dr. perez. thank you, chancellor. good afternoon again, madame chair, trustees, and chancellor. today we want to highlight hcc's early college high school dual credit program. through partnerships with multiple independent school districts, hcc provides students with the opportunity to earn an associate

degree while completing their high school diploma. this initiative exemplifies hcc's commitment to a local focus and through the successes of each student ensures a global reach. at this time, i'd like to introduce the hcc dual credit team that actually does the work to ensure our partnerships with the isds continue to flourish and expand. will dean chavez and

associate dean lilian baldwin please stand? next, with the p16 directors, please [music] and then our pathway uh advisors and any other dual credit staff. our pathways advisors must be at the high schools. again, thank you you guys. again for supporting us with that request last year. uh shortly you will hear from the associate vice chancellor, dr. desmond

lewis. we also we are also proud to mention that texas's first early college high school challenge early college high school was established in 2003 as a collaboration between houston isd, houston a+ challenge, and houston community college, now houston city college. it continues to thrive on hcc's west loop campus, graduating students year after year. it should also be

noted that five of our early college high schools were ranked in the top 20 best high schools in the houston area per the 2526 us news and world report which exemplifies the excellence of this initiative. well, this presentation is about the early college high school. keep in mind that we also now have nine pek high schools. three

in hisd, two in fort ben, and one in stafford, and three in different charter schools. as a native houstononian and hisd graduate, i cannot emphasize enough the importance of the early college high school credit uh dual credit program for our community. this program has transformed countless lives and is positioned to continue making a significant impact. now, with

your permission, i will hand over the presentation to dr. lewis, who will provide a more comprehensive overview of the early college high school program, its performance outcome, and its support. dr. lewis. thank you. good afternoon, madame chair, trustees, chancellor, esteemed colleagues, ladies and gentlemen. the early college program high program offers high school students an amazing opportunity for

degree attainment while completing their high school diploma. with this being said, an overview of its supports will provide you a clear understanding of the impacts of this amazing program. this is just giving you an overview of the two types of pathways which align with the types of endorsements that students are placed in which would be academic or

workforce. early college high schools align more with the academic whereas pek would be more workforce. here you have the definitions and the types of the dual credit that are offered here through our dual credit program which are the early college high school, the pek and traditional. now, let me say we are growing in all of these areas,

which you will see some evidence of that in a moment. these, as you look at all the dots on this screen, and they grow each year, we have more and more dual credit locations. so, this represents all of the dual credit locations across the district that hcc currently participates in. and this focuses on the early college high

schools, which you see there are several early college high schools on this map. now let us get into an overview of the entire early high school process. the process of early college high school designation is initiated by k12 partners where it indicates this partnering institution or iia uh to deliver the college courses. as noted, the process is

ongoing and has multiple stages. so with all of our early high schools, they will be in different stages depending upon the year that they were established or approved by tea. hcc has four isd partners with 12 early college high school locations whereas hisd has the most which are nine and of those nine two shartown international and westside

are newly designated starting this fall. they are considered schools within a school. now as reported in us news as dr. perez said a moment ago many of houston area schools rank high of the top 15. hcc provides dual credit for 11 of those schools. now, we are continuing to spread out and hopefully we will get to most

of all of these schools if they are within our service area. here you will see the data indicates stable early college enrollment from year to year with a cumulative increase over the three years. the data for completers, and let me define completers for you. completers are the students who've earned an award while they are in dual credit.

so that is what completers is referring to. and you can see there is an increase there as moving from year to year as well. the data here in regard to awards because of course the completers they earn awards there is an increase here as well. and from academic year 22 to 25 by 40.1%. and from academic year

24 to 25 there is a 7.5% increase. so we are doing better year after year. early college high school rates indicate overall stability and in most casement cases is improving. so we are working on those areas that we need to focus on and those areas where we are doing well. we continue to thrive here. the number of

students returning to hcc from early college dual credit programs is decreasing. that is not negative. a positive because it means more students are completing. and that is the purpose for those students to be here. they are completing and receiving their awards. the most recent graduation acts as evidence of the everinccreasing number of graduates from this slide just

indicates the number of tr the transfer schools for all of those early colleges and as you see it is a wide range of schools, university of houston and so forth and so on. in regard to the supports for dual credit, there are multiple tiered supports as noted on this slide. each early college area has a dedicated p16

director advising team and also they have uh other support staff. these teams provide comprehensive supports to the early college and dual credit students from the time of onboarding throughout graduation. the supports include degree plan distributions, pro progress meetings, early alert follow-ups with necessary academic and non-academic supports, just to name a few. furthermore, the dean and associate dean

act as a second tier of support with the follow-up as needed with the isds through monthly dual credit advisory committee meetings where feedback is solicited and necessary actions are to provide further detail, you see the different types of processes we have here in regard to the early college process. the students are identified by the isds. again, as

i said with the tea designation of early college or pek information comes from the high school and we work collaboratively with those high schools whereas at some point there is a workshop and various meetings with the p16 team and the early colleges where the public students so forth and so on are able to work through those processes.

and you can see at number three the commit to complete and working to ensure we get the buyin from the students and their families at the beginning of their entire early uh dual cur dual credit process. then we have degree plan reviews throughout the process and of course we monitor their progress all the way through completion. in

conclusion, the early college designation is determined by tea. we have multiple partnerships with various different isds and of course one msd. early college enrollment is going up. the completers are increasing. the awards success rates remain relatively high and stable. our supports, as you just saw a moment ago, are very robust. and the process is collaborative and student

centered. so, i will take any questions that you have at this time. yes, thank you for that presentation. i i do. you mentioned earlier the um the number of high school students uh in dual credit is uh the number is decreasing in terms of enrollment or continuing the enrollment in hcc and that that is a good thing

right and so but now that we are offering um four-year degrees what is the plan uh of this area to market that so that we do get these students to come in and enroll in these new four-year degrees it is a great question. i am glad you asked it. now, i was focusing on when i said the

number was going down on the early college students whose purpose is to obtain the the associates degree while they are in school. so, they are completing those. the plan to move forward with that is we are meeting with our students in the process now to see how many of those students we can get to obtain additional credentials

while they are in school. additional credentials. correct. yeah, that is what we are doing. we have a we have boot camps. in fact dr. perez and i have a meeting tomorrow with hisd to speak through some of these uh matters and also we have met with various other districts in regard to those same opportunities. but to answer

your question specifically, dean chavez and her team, they are collaboratively and strategically working with each of the partners to align what those students are doing within their degree plans that they are on at the school and their future plans if their plans align with a 4-year degree or certificate with the programs that we are offering here at

hcc. yes. because this dual credit program i i would like and us to continue to see that as a pathway to get students here, right? and and with with what you just said, whether it is through, you know, looking at some other certification after they get that two-year associates, a four-year degree, or whatever that may be. uh

so, okay, that there is that. the other thing is you you you are referring to isd. so you are eliminating and i know we have talked about private schools and and how we have tried that, but i still think that is a whole other area that we really need to market to and that is that private school

setting. uh because not all of those students are are going to a four-year degree like is the case in any school system, right? and then also when you just say isds or msds, uh you are also leaving out not only the three charters you are working with now, but also all the other potential charter schools that we

could be working with. so moving forward, i'd like us to to tweak that if you do not mind. and and let us be more i do not know if we say school systems or or how we say that but when we just identify it as an isd we we leave out all the other potential you know uh

uh students that are attending these um these other institutions that that need to partner with us. so i just wanted to to to say that and um but other than that the presentation's very clear um i like what i am seeing so thank you i appreciate that. colleagues, any questions or comments? trusty sheen, just one second. amazing

presentation and amazing work by by the whole team. it is really great to see these numbers continue to to move in the right direction and i know y'all are impacting a ton of lives by the work that you are doing. um the one question i had on here is um on your your first three panel slide with

the different offerings of the academic associates, the pek, and dual credit. um i i was a little bit surprised to see that we do not yet have kind of a standalone pek. um early college program. so curious from your perspective with with the different conversations you are having with our isd partners and charter partners um is there

an appetite for that and is that something that we could see in the next 3 five years standing up a pek dedicated or pek focused campus to really meet that need? okay. well, i am glad you mentioned that and it speaks also to um trustee tamas. we do have peks. we have several peks. um but this this

particular uh presentation focused on the early college. so college and the pex or forms of um moving students through to let them obtain. so it was not an oversight with the msds or the isds. it is just that with the charter schools, they those are all peks. so we have 10 peks and those peks we have with

two isds, one msd and three charters that we have with the pek. and with those peks, we are working through collaboratively. but more to that point, here's something i am sure you will find very interesting. with one of our isds, we are working, they do not have the pek designation, but the purpose is to get students through.

and at barbara jordan, right now, we are working with hisd with several different programs to get students in to make sure they complete. and besides barbara jordan, and i have to give a shout out to dr. fortune at north forest. we have north forest high school. we have students being bus there now for various pek and cte

alignment courses. so to answer your question, trusty chibin, we have pek aligned and set up programs again with this um with this particular slide. um the early college is focused more on academic. the pes are for working on workforce. yes, i think if you do not mind the question that you that uh trusty sheban is asking and

i know that i have talked to colleagues out there more in the charter world. uh there is a lot of interest in having a standalone pek college is what he is referring to. no, we do not we do not have that. we have early college, but the need for pek and i know several uh those of those

leading the charter of move have tried or are trying or would like to chancellor partner with hcc to have that that at one of our campuses where it is a standalone pek uh academy. that is really really important because it is not just the the academic piece with the early college dual credit piece, but it is also

that that pek piece. so, i'd love for us to truly work together with our presidents and all to to open our doors to that possibility of how we can partner with with folks whether it is isds or charters or whatever it may be to see how we can join together to do that. i i just i want

i am glad you brought that up because right now we are currently working with aldine high school and they are trying to create their first pek for health sciences along with with dr. harrison. we have been meeting with dr. harrison and with memorial herman. i am sure all of you heard about the funding that aldine received from

bloomberg. the idea is that that it the focus of that school is basically health sciences and it is a new facility. they are creating a new building and they have asked hc to partner with them. so, we are working with them and um and hopefully we will get that running. i think we are shooting for spring. yes.

sometime in spring to hopefully start some classes out at that location but it will be a early college high school but for pek pek thank you dr. anything else? trusty sheep, that was it. thank you very much, colleagues, anyone? okay. yes, madam chair. i'd just like to make sure um again, thank you for the presentation and also

uh in seeing our early colleges, they have been very successful and i know that they are always having a waiting line uh to get in and so that speaks very highly of it. and so some of us get phone calls and see if we have any direct connections to get their students in their family members. and so

uh we just need to keep making it challenging, exciting, and letting them know that this is, you know, this is when we have graduation, those little gold collars you really stand out. and some this last graduation, i think we had more with gold collars than others. and the comment was, "wow, they are doing really well." so, i

think they are hearing that it is free, you know, and they are coming to college and getting those credits. so, uh, congratulations again. thank you. great work. okay. well, if there is nothing else, we will move to item c, an update on our ride metro program. and i'd like to remind my colleagues that uh every month we

i send out communication so that if you have any topics that you'd like discussed that those are added to the agenda and in my conversations before every meeting with the chancellor um she takes that information and is really great about making sure that it is on the agenda and that we get this um you know something that

we can talk about and discuss. so thank you for that chancellor. uh so the next item is the right metro program. if you could uh take it from there. thank you very much, madame chair and members of the board. this item provides an update on progress toward becoming a sponsor of reduced rate cards for students and an

update on the ride metro program. and with your permission, madam chair, dr. sheri han, senior vice chancellor, finance administration will provide the update. dr. han, thank you so much. thank you, board chair, trustees, and chancellor. this report is just a very brief update about our intention to offer discounted mass transit fair through the new ride metro program.

there is a current qard program offered through metro. it is slightly different terms and conditions than what we are moving to. we were hoping that we could launch in late september, early early october. it may be november by the time we actually see metro step up to their expected launch date. uh they do not have a date

certain yet and i just checked on it yesterday. meanwhile, students, we have a volume of the old q card that was distributed in previous years and it is now being resupplied. we have about 2,000 of those cards to be distributed across all campuses. this card contains 0 for free trips which is part of the new terms and

conditions of the ride metro program, but it does still have the 50% te fair discount. so, it was no cost to us and it still is no cost to us until we bridge into that new program. um, it is under the contract review by general counsel. um, we have shown you the flyer to promote it. everyone's pretty

excited about it. we also have a very detailed implementation plan to asssure that since the new cards will have a dollar value built into them, almost $5. you will see it on another slide. we want to make sure that they are secure when we receive them and secure as they are distributed. we also have a plan to

ensure that only students receive the cards so they do not disappear in other ways and we have a kind of a clever way to do that electronically. so we looked at several different views of the cost for this. we started out with a $69,000 cost. we felt that was too expensive for us given our budget constraints for

fy26. we wound up with 300 3,446 cards that would be distributed across all six brick-and-mortar campuses. uh based on the colleg's projected needs, we work with the colleges to determine what they need. the cards would be distributed for the fall and spring semesters. the cost went from 69,000 to roughly 23,000. and there would be uh several free

trips on the card just to kind of wet the appetite of the student to start using the card. roughly $5 per card as you can see there with a $2 activation cost. we also built in just because we are conscious of education and how important it is. we are saying you need to have at least 66 credit

hours built in or 80 contact hours. we will not give it for less than that. and then we will maintain contact and collaborate with metro during the transition period. and we i do keep in touch with them periodically to see if things are moving along any sooner. now students once that $4.80 is used up on the ride

metro card they can add to the card. so it will be a card they keep. they do not it is not temporary. a card they keep and can add to and continue to get a discount. as a matter of fact on the 10th ride after 10 trips i believe they get one free trip. that is what the

flyer looks like. the various colleges and cos have this and are distributing it. although we know that this is yet to be realized by metro. happy to answer any questions at all. thank you. thank you for that update. any questions or comments, colleagues? no. thank you. my pleasure. appreciate that. oh, we have someone. yes. trusty reichart. hi.

what can you compare it to what we had before? sure. it it is sort of uh here's it is a sort of a semantic difference, if you will. before we were considered card distributors. so students got the same 50% discount. students could get the card. it had no value on it but they got a break on the

fair. right now metro in order to make some revenue is calling us sponsors. and in order to be sponsors we have to give them some revenue. and that is what the $4.80 per card represents. several free trips. each trip would be $120 which is the 50% discounted fair. so, we are giving the students a little teaser free

trip, several free trips, and then students would add to the card as they might have done previously with the old card. so, students still benefit at the same rate. it is just that this is now costing the college system $23,000 a year, whereas before we had zero cost. uh i would just like to emphasize uh and ask

the administration to please keep the trustees in mind since our previous arrangement that was cheaper for the college fell apart. if there is ever a time where you cannot hold on to something like that, that the trustees have lots of connections in metro. we have a lot of work that we do um with people associated with metro

and so that is something that we can step in and advocate for our students if necessary. so, i just ask that you please keep us apprised if you know if you are unable to hold on to a benefit that our students have um to to keep us apprised and and in the loop and hopefully we can try

to uh bring something like that. uh and hopefully we can do something in the future to make things uh cheaper for the the college. thankfully, it will not increase prices for the students, but you know, it is an expense. money that we could be spending on other things. thank you. absolutely. thank you. anything else? okay. thank you

once again. appreciate you. next item is item d, uh, career services update. madam chancellor, thank you very much, madam chair, members of the board. this is a discussion item to provide a career services update that allows students to assess the utilization of relevant resources provided by houston city college, including careerhub used to assist students in their pursuit

of gainful employment. so with your permission, madam chair, dr. romel young, vice chancellor, will present the report. dr. young. thank you, madam chancellor, madame trustee. thank you, madam chair, and members of the committee. thank you for the opportunity to share the career services report today. is an integral part of the hcc experience for our students, connecting students

to employers and employers to our students. if you will indulge me just for one moment to just acknowledge the folks who actually do this work on a daily basis. just want to just if you will just please stand. [applause] thank you. thank you for what you do and thank you for the the opportunity to share that information.

uh career services afford students an opportunity to do uh connect with employers to include uh events uh taking career services uh opportunities to engage with employers and and that is what we want to talk a bit about today. career hub is one of the tools that we use to let us know what is happening with our students

and you have that before you. career hub utilization is what we are sharing with you today and we are identifying from 2022 to 2023 through 24 2025 the experiences our students have had through the use of career career hub and you see the unique login and this is our students actually logging into the system the career services

i mean the career services uh hub 14,000 students roughly logging in that is from from the 8600 number to 14,000 is about a 49% difference. so that is been increasing over time. uh resume loads. so our students are engaging with employers. we are helping them develop their resumes. and you see the numbers there are 43 54 and

25 24 25. and that is the the the difference in 20 22 23 is about a 23% increase. kiosk touch points and you are familiar with touch uh uh kiosk our students are going and logging into to kiosk about 17,000 students have done that for the 24 period up from the 10,000 that you see in the 22

23 period again this is utilization of our career hub service um relatively flat on the student appointment requests uh the number the high number is 34 34 2471 and 2425. and job applications that affords our students an opportunity to upload their their applications uh was higher in the 2324 period slightly down to 10 uh 36 1036 363

which is roughly a difference of career hub utilization from an employer perspective. and so employers and career hub registrations are down just a little uh about from 2024 was 867. that is the high and in 2024 25 was 712. job postings were higher in the 2022 233 period and slightly down to 1,700 in the 25 2425 period.

employer signups, this is where employers are coming on our campus and and engaging with our students. you see that number has increased and so we are delighted to see that number come from 118 up to 338 to 538. of experiential learning experiences. it is slightly relatively flat for the uh that period from 829 to 812 in 202024.

hi, and i usually do not do this, but yes, if you go back to slide two, two on the job adopt applications, and you may have addressed it and i missed it for a moment to to check something to my right, but what do you attribute that decrease in job applications to? let let me if you do

not mind to rely on a resource here. james, if you do not mind coming forward, give a little insight on that. okay. good afternoon, adam. good afternoon. um, your question oh, sorry. about the job applications, those numbers going down. uh there are varying factors to what is happening when students log into careerhub. they are going in to

schedule appointments, apply for jobs. jobs are being posted obviously by companies and as you see in the data, the number of registrations has been if anything going down slightly. i think about what is happening economically um not just in houston but around the united states that is impacting how companies are recruiting talent. um that could impact the

companies that are coming into our system and posting jobs from time to time. at the same time, uh this is also about companies posting on a regular basis in our system. and there is an opportunity to engage those companies consistently to ensure that they are posting uh perhaps every semester uh rather than annually. but i i'd say

there are varying factors to why those numbers are slightly down. and and i guess the reason i ask is for what you said earlier. it is about how are we engaging uh these potential uh hiring firms or companies or what have you to to do that, right? to post those openings and so forth. and and i i

think that is what i was getting at is that what does that look like? what does that look like if i am a company? how are you what what does that marketing effort look like uh so that we can get them to do this at at greater numbers? so as you i think here the maybe the previous

slide it was focused on employer careerhub from an employer standpoint. um you could see that there were hundreds of companies that posted um created accounts in our system. we engage those companies in our system about posting jobs periodic updates reminding them about our career fairs. our career fairs are stretched from september all the way through april of

next year every year. so part of that engagement is not just attending career fairs, but it is also posting jobs, posting internships. and so there is an internal campaign engaging those organizations to post with us. at the same time, as you saw in the data, we are also looking for ways to have companies come on site and

conduct interviews. and you may have seen here in the data that that number has gone up tremendously in the past couple of years. we are wanting to emphasize companies conducting interviews, not just posting jobs. and if you can imagine in general in the world of work, how companies recruit is changing. uh companies may have gone to zip

recruit or indeed or posted on linkedin in a job board. but we are also realizing that companies are curating their own networking opportunities that affords us an opportunity to engage them to come on campus or to conduct on uh virtual opportunities as well. um, as i mentioned, varying factors into why the number of job postings have gone

down, why the number of course applications have gone down tied to job postings. uh, but we can do more obviously. oh, we have we look at okay, the employers, who is posting, who is hiring, um, you know, who needs to drop off or or what do we need to do more because you are not posting enough, you

are not interviewing our students, you are not so, we are tracking all of that. correct. yes. and and i want you to know there is over 8,000 contacts in our system. yes. we are engaging them as a whole all the time. and as you mentioned, um some of them are actively involved in posting with us, coming on

campus, participating in career fairs, conducting interviews, and others are it just changes. if you could imagine, you have people behind the scenes that are creating these accounts. these people change from month to month. they leave their roles, go to another company. and so there is quite an operation behind the scenes to keep track of all those contacts

to ensure that they are relevant, uh, that they are still working in their roles, that when we are sending emails, is it really going to someone? is it going just to an automatic reply or is it undeliverable because then that person does not work there anymore? then we follow with the company to find out who is the

new point of contact that we can add into our system, continuing that engagement. so it is quite an operation when we talk about 8,000 contacts in our system. absolutely. thank you. okay. uh data. well, one of the things that we talked about here, trustee, was the opportunity here. what are the pain points? and that was one of

the things that you lifted up. so there there is a whole apparatus that is working here behind the scenes that is bigger than what you see in these numbers necessarily. and so improving upon those things and we identify the opportunity to improve upon these things is is the challenge, but it is also the opportunity. and so we

have the right people in place to be able to do that. um as just a little more data with respect to career fairs and these are employers coming onto the campus of hcc. uh for the 2425 period we had 26 career fairs about 3,200 students participating in just a little over 300 employers participating in those activities. and

u this is just a depiction of of of one the 25 26 uh events that were held during that time period. some of the participants during the deep time period you see are from the healthc care industry. the port of houston um md anderson is is a representative example of the healthcare industry. um just wanted to give

the board a sense of the types of folks that we are having an opportunity to engage and for our students to engage with wi with their on their journey to employment. and so we are looking at students who are working with us and we will talk a little bit about that on the end. so just wanted to

share that with you. a campus interview with participants include some of these folks, state farm, atachi. um, and then we did a survey with our students. about 2,000 students were surveyed at graduation to identify what percentage of them were employed full-time uh at the time that they graduated. and you see the numbers here respectively are 25% uh

uh uh for uh employed full-time students. 22% were employed part-time said they were employed part-time unemployed seeking employment 34% employment unemployed not seeking employment which is 19% and seeking a continuing education program uh we have folks who are interested in in in education undoubtedly 80% of our students are are continuing their educational pursuits and never utilizing the

career services uh hub here is 66% so that is an opportunity for us to get out, engage with these students to make sure that they are aware that we have opportunities that afford them an opportunity to to go go to work if that is what they desire to do. uh top selected universities from the students who were

pled were prairie view&m, texas a&m, texas southern university, university of houston, and the university of houston downtown. and the top employers that they selected were amazon, harris county, hb, and memorial herman. and i saved the best for last, houston city college. so opportunities increase campus interviews that is i think the data tells us that promote company sessions

more of that. encouraging faculty utilization, working with faculty to kind of carry this forward. promoting student utilization, increasing the the students util utilizing this this tool, enhancing uh resume quality, incentivizing students to attend these events and benefit from the things that are afforded them through them, leverage faculty participation, and increasing vendor participation. so, we have our work

cut out for us, but we are up to the task. thank you. i always ask those questions because it it is about monitoring, right? yes. you have got to to to monitor and and i always like to hear, okay, what are we doing? you know, what are we doing? how keeping track and making sure we are updating

this complex system of 8,000 for for example, right? and so, thank you for that. thank you. any any comments or any questions, colleagues? this is a great update and uh information. thank you. thank you for listening. we appreciate it. so, if there is nothing else, i do want to um my to my colleagues uh that are that

just arrived, we did talk about the proposed for your expan for your degree expansion. we talked about early college high school um uh dual credit program update, an update on the ride metro program, and an update on career services. so, uh, if you missed it, please be sure to access the video and you will see um these

this uh this the information about each of this. so, it was very thorough and thank you again, chancellor. without uh anything else, this uh meeting of the academic and student affairs um meeting is now adjourned at 2:52 p.m. i got to get out of this. okay. the meeting of the audit committee for september 3rd, 2025 will now

come to order at 2:57 p.m. the meeting is called for the purposes listed on the duly posted meeting notice. the other committee members are trustees renee patterson, trustee monica flores reichart and the alternate trustee lu davies and trustee monica flores reichart is uh remote. opportunity for public comments. a citizen desiring to appear before the board of trustees

shall complete the hearing of the citizen form 24 hours prior to the meeting and file said application with the board services office. there are no citizens who signed up to speak before the audit committee today. uh we will now discuss item a risk mitigation report the deferred maintenance. this is a report item. no answer no action is

required. uh chancellor ford fischer will introduce the item. chancellor. thank you very much, madam chair, members of the board. so, this is a discussion item that provides an update on the deferred maintenance risk mitigation strategy and risk. and with your permission, madam chair, mr. robert mccracken, vice chancellor of facilities will provide an overview and respond to questions.

mr. mccracken. thank you, chancellor. good afternoon, trustees. uh, i just want to take a minute at the very beginning of this as we were putting this report together. gave us an opportunity to kind of reflect on where we have come over the last year. and i i think when you look through this report, you can see the

tremendous amount of work that is been done by our facilities department to put in place a consistent process for managing of our deferred maintenance, projecting out what those expenses are going to be in future years, and really monitoring how effective we are going to be. um there is a lot of data in this report. i am going

to ask james walker, our interim chief facilities officer, to walk through it um and just highlight some of the items. thank you, bob. madame chair, trustees, madam chancellor, thank you. so we want to we wanted to give this report an overview to focus on uh preventative maintenance and and monitoring systems deferred maintenance uh for fy25 and deferred

maintenance for um touching on risk a bit um the the biggest risk on on deferred maintenance is need exceeding available budget. um you know it can erode um degrade campus campus experience and then it affect starts affecting students at that time. uh a little bit about uh mitigation. we will get into more of this later but uh

we use preventative maintenance to maximize the life of building systems and equipment. um we use it for prioritization of projects and we use it for budget budgeting and tracking. all right, getting a little bit deeper into the mitigation strategy we use uh preventative maintenance and system monitoring. you know, in in the maintenance world, this is where the

the rubber really hits the road on on what we do here. um deferred maintenance plan was implemented to um replace obsolete equipment. uh we educate constantly educate staff and vendors, leverage technology, um prioritization for repairs. uh weekly weekly uh visual inspections. we use building automation, work orders, outage tracking. and for example to to give you a few

examples of how this would this works. um this is a screenshot of our building automation monitoring system. so this is southeast college um the central plant condenser water system side of the loop. so what this shows is the chiller, it shows the pumps, the valves, it shows the cooling tower and the condenser side. and in the blue

boxes, it gives you real time information of what is going on in this plant for southeast campus on on this condenser loop. and i also like to point out that if you look at the uh example of the alarm, the little red dot um and that tells the system that this this bypass pump is out of tolerance.

and it is then it sends to a different page which is illustrated at the bottom that someone needs to go check on on that pump because it is out of tolerance. so that is our building automation monitoring. we have that throughout the entire system. um like to highlight our work order uh system which is a different system.

in the blue you see plan maintenance um which is everyday pms that we go out and check the equipment. um the team goes out and does that. um then we have reactive maintenance. that is when something breaks uh and we have to send somebody out to address that. and then you you see the total um for a

12-month period, it is 43,000 work orders put put into the system. so, facilities um tracking and trending um this is something we we have started in december of 2024. um so we we have got partial data on this. um interruptions are rated as minor, moderate, and major. um this shows interruptions between december 24 and july when the

report was done. and uh it shows the systems affected, colleges affected. um and if you know the systems affected uh fire, mechanical, electrical, things that are on the top of the list of our deferred maintenance u uh deficiencies. okay. uh now we move to fy25 update. um this is a 7-year funding history. you are familiar with this

chart. we just continue to add to this. um but i must add the the the note um that the year of fy25 or 26, excuse me. um the estimated need was $43 million. uh we got 15 million and a 10 million amendment in at the end of 25. um active projects of 25. uh these are multi-year projects

that have long lead times, a lot of design. uh so you will continue seeing us add to these and as we complete them, they will come off the list. um funds by college project financials. um this is the same information on funds by college but it is just in dollar format. uh exigent spend. so um we propose

that we we are attempting to stay under 15% of the total budget for exigent spend and we we we do that by our mitigation efforts that we talked about a little bit before. so um that is the goal to keep this under 15%. but as you see the trajectory of as we underfund the exigent spin goes starts

to go in an upward trajectory. all right. so deferred maintenance uh the fci facilities condition index. um you have seen this slide before. i thought it'd be helpful to to add it in again um to show the 15 million um investment. so, we are roughly on the uh green um the green line moving towards uh 19.5 in

2030 which is getting to be average and below average if we continue with 15 million a year. okay. so, deferred maintenance program facil uh fy26 as i mentioned before uh 15 million for approved in the 26 budget and 10 million for the amendment at the end of 25. thank you for that. um this next slide uh it

illustrates our 10step prioritization process that we go through. um currently we are on step six and seven um while we are validating and finalization of projects for implementation. so the the the annual assessment summary, this this is just showing the p the items that were funded in fy2526. and then the blue is showing the the items that

will have to be reassessed and and addressed at a f in future years. um this is project budget by system. uh again, you see fire, life safety, hvac, electrical. um that was at the top of the list for our interruptions. as you see, it is heavily um represented here. um project breakdown by estimated cost. um, we thought

it was important to show this slide because of the different the difference between small, medium, and large projects. as we see, not all projects are large. so, um, the plan is for the job order contracts to you be utilized for the small and medium projects and then the large $500,000 projects and over would come to the board

for their approval. um, we have some appendix in the back. these are some definitions you have seen before. i thought they'd be helpful. ranking criteria systems uh current deficiency list um where where we are using uh to to generate our projects and summary of maintenance by building um i think we you know in in essence i think

we got a question about um th this particular slide and and and i think the answer is the 20 to 20 20 22 to through 25 through 2030 is shown on here and then 25 through 35 is also shown on here. so in essence, we could use this data um going on into the to to the future,

but the industry standard recommends that we we um conduct a new facilities condition assessment in in 2029. so that concludes my report. uh, i will be happy to answer any questions for you. thank you. um, i do know my my colleague will have some questions. trusty chap just have one. so, appreciate you speaking to the outy years,

the 2030 to 2035 deferred maintenance. um, i think it'd be helpful to understand a bit more how y'all came up with those numbers because i know we haven't yet done a study to quantify it. so, if you have got internal systems that are tracking and forecasting organically, that would be helpful to understand. um and and you mentioned

so a that is number one. number two, i am really happy to see that we do have at least a swag at what those deferred maintenance costs look like in the out years so that the board can start getting comfortable with, you know, we have got this $400 million um task ahead of us for the next 5

years. it seems like the next 5 years are currently forecasted to be not quite as painful, but you know, when we put more meat on the bones, that'll probably look a little bit worse than it does currently. um so really pleased that that number's in there. um but yeah, just some some more information over time with um

the assumptions that went into that 30, you know, 2030 to 2035 number and how much we can really hang our hat on it versus where do we really need to study to fully flush it out, i think would be helpful just as we set start setting expectations. there is a lot of other big ticket items including, you

know, erp upgrades and all that that could be coming in and we need to stack all these on top of one another. so, so, so yes. so um the way it works in our database is so if we put a new piece of equipment in today and we have a 10 and it has a 10y year lifespan

um that will show up in needing to be replaced in the life cycle of of uh 20 whatever 10 years from now. so that is how it is calculated within the database. it is expiring equipment that goes into deficiency and that is why we do the the re the the refresh each year to make sure that we

that because of budget we have to push some things out. so um that is how the database works. it it it looks out um forward to make sure that uh those pieces of equipment that are expiring have some uh have some value to them. very helpful. thank you. mhm. trustee reichard, is she there? i am here. no,

i do not have any questions. thank you. okay. uh, uh, this is the kind of in-depth report that we were looking for for deferred maintenance and trying to make audit decisions or fiscal decisions concerning what we are going to do with all of our properties. pluto's on the deferred maintenance 10step prioritization process update. that is very good

to know. uh, and i am sure you all stay on task for that, but it is very impressive. on page 8, your facilities work order update. yes, ma'am. it would be interesting to know since this is a rolling 12-month window, what this looked like 12 months ago. are we are our work orders increasing or are work orders

decreasing? what is that looking like exactly? i i believe we can run that. run that report for you. okay. so, if we see it from 2022 to now, we want to see if the work orders uh are increasing or decreasing and sometimes per college. one of our challenges is that we have buildings have had for five lifetimes

and then we have buildings who are that are relatively new. but it seems to me as i read through this that the buildings that are relatively new have some deferred maintenance issues which i think they should not have. but that is just what i think. so we want to see if the newer buildings are are faced with

a higher number of work orders as opposed to the older buildings. i would think that the older buildings would have the greater issues and if they do not and the new newer buildings do then what what is going on with that? um, thank you for the tracking and trending because this is tracking in december 2024. we have

no data prior to that for for facilities interruption tracking and trending. well, we did it in a different manner that that was not really um presentation friendly i would say. okay. so for a general approach, we could see the total cost for 2023 for facilities of the the total facilities tracking for 2023. we may not have to

uh disagregate it, but if we see it, we will understand building interruptions and what that looked like in 2023 and what it looks like in 2024. these uh graphs should give us a general idea of which way we are trending and how because when you start to stack the the uh graphs on top of each other, there

are some pinpoints that you can actually see and that is what we are going to see when we get the data. um, so page 15. i am kind of weird in that i look at deferred maintenance from four different perspectives, but i am not going to ask you for four. i am going to ask you for an

additional perspective, which is um cost per square foot uh for maintenance. i know that is a weird way to do it. i really appreciate where's that document? i really appreciate page 22, the deferred maintenance projects budget, but i'd like to see cost per square foot for the buildings. that also tells you which way you are trending in

terms of repairs. and it if if your construction was well established, then cost per square footage for certain buildings should not be very high. but if they are, and we may have to see the the buildings the year they were built. i mean, when you look at a building that is built in 1999 versus a building that

is built in 2019, there are clearly some things that you should not see in 2019. there are some things you should expect to see in 1999. i also like the fact that you there is you are utilizing the rs means construction cost, but it is a little behind. uh rs means is a little behind. so we may

have to have a second uh cost construction estimation system and they do have one that is a that is more succinct. we may have to look at it from that perspective so that whatever the deficiencies are in rs means we do not miss them with another uh construction cost estimation system. and that way, some of these prices,

these prices are okay. some of these prices questionable. and so, if we are going to maintain our fiscal integrity, we are going to have to take a closer look with a a system that is more succinct. uh, but this is excellent. and i think trusty chiban and trusty reichart would agree with me that this is very well

done and we appreciate it as we go forward to try to determine what our next steps are going to be as a board to what we will do with all of the facilities that we have. so, thank you. this was very well done. thank you so much. thank you, ma'am. so, is that the only thing that we

have to do? oh, good. well, we will not have a closed session. uh, trustee reichart is uh remote. so, the the audit committee if there are no more questions from the trustees on the dis. if there are no more questions, we can adjourn the audit committee. oh, good. audit committee is adjourned at 3:16 p.m. the meeting of

the external relations committee for september 3rd, 2025 will now come to order at 3:17 p.m. this meeting was called for the purpose listed on the duly posted meeting notice. the other committee members are trustee lu davies, shan chedan, and alternate adriana thomas. a citizen desiring to appear before the board of trustees shall complete the hearing of citizens

form 24 hours prior to the meeting and file said application with the board services office. there are no citizens signed up to speak before the external relations committee. we have one item coming to the committee and item a is a report item on external relations matters. this is the report item. no actions required. dr. for official will

introduce the item. thank you very much, madam chair, members of the board. this item is for discussion and provide a final report on the 89th texas legislative session, policy considerations, and other external relations matters. and with your permission, madam chair, dr. ramil young, vice chancellor of governmental and external relations, will provide an overview and respond to questions.

dr. young. thank you, madam chancellor. madam trustees, thank you for the opportunity to share the report on external relations. we are in the second call special session and we wanted to just talk a little bit about our legislative sessions and related considerations. have before you the 89th legislative session final report. it is also a part of the

the attachments, but you have a hard copy form in your possession, and it includes our work that was covered during the 89th regular legislative session to include those items that the board adopted that were acted upon during the legislative session, appropriations matters, and bills that we tracked, monitored, and that are applicable to us. that gives you a

snapshot view of what those bills require by way of compliance for the institution. so that that document we will also send to you if we haven't done it already, sharon, through the office of the chancellor a document that is electronic. you can hoover over it with your mouse and it'll take you to the relevant section of this

document. so it'll be a little bit easier to find so the we have had two special sessions. um we uh in the first call session the governor did identified 18 policy considerations. notable issues included disaster preparedness redistricting. uh in no certain order public funds for lobbying activities and taxation matters. no bills passed during the first call special

session. that session adjourned on august 15th at which time the governor called a second special session and that is where we are today. when the governor called that special session, he identified two 22 policy considerations. um it convened on the 15th. notable issues included the same from the the special session call session one which were disaster preparedness,

redistricting, public uh funds for lobbying activities and taxation. and as we speak, the second call session continues uh to operate. key bills that we were tracking during the special session, particularly the second special session and mind you the the first special session related to the composition of districts that is the redistricting matter and the principal bill file

in that regard was hb4. you note here that it passed the house on a vote of 88 to 52. it passed the senate on a vote of 18 to1 and was signed by the governor on uh on august the 27th. there was no effective date assigned to um hb4. i think the rules would provide that if the

governor does not assign an effective date, it will become at at the german of the spec special session 91 days it'll become effective. um, and then of course the companion bill, which is also a redistricting bill, was placed on the senate calendar on september the 2nd. so that was yesterday. we only need one of these bills to

to pass. and so i think you have that in hp4. and we have been sending via the weekly activity bulletin u notices about the redistricting matter and other related matters. and uh if you have any questions with respect to those, we are available to to answer those questions. the only taxation matter that that popped forward is is

not moving at well september 2nd. it was placed on the senate calendar relating to the requirement uh regarding notice of certain property tax related information. whether it applies to us is a little fuzzy, but what this bill essentially does is require uh providing transparency in taxation matters. if you are putting forth a tax rate, want to make

sure that the public is fully aware. i think the board is already doing that. but this would be enacted in uh in this bill should it pass. sb13 relating to the use of uh by public subdivisions of public funds for lobbying activities. uh that bill passed on a on 18 to 11 vote and it was referred to

house state state affairs on august the 20th. it is had no movement since then. um not sure that is going to make it out uh to passage. so the only thing that we will be looking at is the redistricting matter thus far that is on our radar screen. trustees, i will pause there because this the next section

is probably a little more robust. and so with respect to the special sessions, if you have any questions, i am available to answer any of those that you might have. okay. so, i will shift gears and this is a work done on which you have been uh conducting as a board that the the sb37 relating to the

governance of public institutions of higher education including review of curriculum and certain degrees and certificate programs. you have already covered the faculty council or senate component of sb37, but it also includes training of for members of the governing board that is this governing board and other governing boards like yours and the establishment powers and duties of the

texas higher education coordinating board's umbbuzzman office over which you have no responsibility or any action necessary from this board. but we have identified and i am hopeful that you are able to see because we did not memorialize it in the presentation, but the the the flyer that we passed out that has to do with review of curriculum

and certain degree and certificate programs. that is the the big ticket item that is on your agenda for completion. that is the board of trustees. and effectively the the time to that tolls our work is january 1, 2026. we have commenced some of this work already, but the tolling the time is january 1, 2026 and 2027 is

when this work should be complete. so effectively, we have about a year and a little bit to uh make this go forward. so we assembled the task force that helped with the faculty senate initiative and we have been working to try to pull together next steps that would allow us to ensure compliance with sp37 the remaining provisions.

you note here that we sought the board's adoption of the new faculty senate on august the 20th. uh, and so that is done. august 26th, we convened a task force to establish an agenda and strategy for compliance with the remaining provisions of sp37 to include review of curriculum in certain degrees um on september 3rd. that is where

we are today. we are presenting statutory provisions, applicable dates, and time and a timeline concerning compliance with sb37. let me note for your consideration, the timeline for implementation simply serves as a guide. it is likely to change as we learn things because this is a new bill, a new new path that we are treading. uh and we

have been talking with folks who have the same responsibility to include um our peers and the the coordinating board. so, one of the things that we need to determine from the governing board is to determine from you whether you would uh like to appoint a committee to assist in the curriculum review. it is not mandatory according to

the provisions. let me also say that i am in no way providing legal advice. i am the government relations person and i am providing just policy uh my policy perspective and we we can rely on the lawyers for the legal component of it. but it appears that the language provides that you have a opportunity to appoint a

committee to walk through this process. what we have assembled is a task force that is been conducting the work up until now. so as we determine from the governing board uh whether it is desires to appoint a committee, we will proceed to continue it complying with the relevant bills. so that would be something that we should identify.

on september the 4th, the task force would uh convene to review the core curriculum uh initiative and pa map our uh path forward. that would be tomorrow. uh convening a task force to address certain minor degrees. so the the core curriculum is on the 4th which is the big component. then the minor degrees would be on the

11th. we would address that september the 17th. there would be a regular board meeting at which time we would either report on or seek action on uh whatever the would that be governance committee not governance committee but the board itself on september yeah convene task force to address review of curriculum that is the task force and convene

to address certain minor degrees in the regular board meeting we would seek uh provide a report or seek action on the 18th we would convene the task force to address institutional governance concerning employment matters and then on the 25th uh convening the task force to address the additional u board remaining training and sworn affidavit that you'd have

to send to the legislature. so this document and and i you should have it in your possession identifies all of the timelines in terms of when things are required to happen. um and september 1, 2027 is the end date. um, let us see. october 1st, tenatively present to the proposed uh present proposed phase 2 draft policies to

the board governance committee with an alternative potential presentation date of november the 5th. that is the piece that i was looking for, nicole. thank you. uh, and october the 2nd, convene the task force to position implementation of sb37 as appropriate. and i might substitute a task force for if the board elects to have a committee, you would

substitute that for the committee rather than the task force. but force has been conducting the work up until this time period. october the 9th, convene the task force or committee to position implementation of the remaining portions of sb37. on the 15th, i switch to a regular board meeting report or seek action as appropriate. the 16th we will

convene the task force to position to go through the remaining uh provisions of sb37 throughout the period of october 23rd and the 30th. then the timeline in november would be board meeting report seek action as appropriate. the sixth board committee meeting report seek action or as appropriate. on the 19th report board uh regular board meeting which is

a report or seek action as appropriate. on the 20th, we would convene the task force to position implementation of the remaining portions of of sp37. december 3rd, board committee meeting, report, seek action as appropriate, convene task force to position implementation of of sp 37. likewise, the same is true on the 17th and the 18th, at which time

we would be done for the year. and we would be ahead of the tolling of time on january 1, 2026 with the remainder of the year for being able to comply that would take us through january 1, 2027. those are the the immediate first identified steps that we would take to march our way through the remaining provisions

of sb37. any questions? sean, i i have to first really appreciate the detailed kind of timeline approach of how we are going to get through the end of the year with sp37. it is an incredibly complex and impactful piece of legislation and i i think we need this level of organization to get it all done in time.

so, thank you for that. thank you. um on on the um general curriculum review, um i know we we we need to make as a board a decision about whether we want to assign a committee to work this on our behalf. i am curious when would y'all envision us or what when would y'all envision the appropriate time

for us to name a committee uh to be if we were to move in that direction? is that a a january thing? is it a november thing? i am just curious like when we need to start, you know, soliciting input from our uh community members and such to to get the right people plugged in. yeah. and i

was yield to the chancellor on on that question. well, thank you very much, dr. young, trusty chieman. i think the appropriate step would be to convene the task force which will have an additional subcommittee that will be a part of the task force discussions and this is a part of the conversation that i think would be appropriate

to look at the appropriate timing because quite a number of the academic team members will be a part of the task force as well with the administration and i think that we would be able to get the best recommendation to the board as an outcome of that meeting that will be held. thank thank you for that. i

know there was a conditional in there about maybe october, maybe november, but i think that discussion would be good to bring back to us in october so we have that additional time to get the right nominees from the community to participate. um, second question. um, i i i have read this legislation a few times and each time

i have read it, been confused about this requirement that we need to um certify compliance on january 1 of the year that we are going to undertake these reviews. so, is this like we we tell them we are going to do it and then we do it on january 1 or do we do it and then on

january 1, 2027, we tell them we did it? which which way is it? yeah. and might i yield to council on that that question? yes, we have looked at that uh trustee and i think it would be best for us to provide a legal counsel memo because some of that involves legal advice but we are not seeing

where on january 1, 2026 we have that type of certification due. okay. thank you. any other questions? i am noticing a lot of education uh bills that are passed that based upon the legislative um the new legislative funding plan. it seems that some of these bills are not going to provide funding for what is required. is that

the case? uh most of the bills from the 89th legislative session, we had a cleanup bill with regard to and i forget it said 1786. i forget the bill number. um but the short answer is you are correct. um we most of our funding is coming out of the appropriations bill and you will see that on your

introductory page at page five and in the document that i gave gave to you. you see the state appropriations in the texas community colleges appropriations which is the $2.4 billion and that then the $89.5 million for the uh supplemental funding but the remainder of the bills were there was only one bill that was a cleanup bill that

related to hb8 and it was not an appropriations bill. so we had two principal appropriations bill the um primary the general appropriations act and then the supplemental bill two bills from from the on appropriations. so for the board it it is going to be good for us to really know and understand how we will or will not

be paid. um, i know that the list of um, i guess the list of degrees or certifications has been narrowed that the it looks like the most popular degrees have been eliminated from the payment system. yeah. and you saw and some of those metrics and and just incidentally trustees the primary bill for appropriations that is at page

eight on your in your document that do that that book and it is sp1 and the supplemental bill is up under it at hp500. uh but what you are referring to trustee i believe is the the metrics that are assigned and which which uh courses get dollars assigned to them and so some of that has been taken

back. we saw some of that at the uh tac conference during the summer. yes, sir. so some of those those courses that were once given dollars are not are no longer going to receive dollars and so we have been conscious of that and i see that there are a few bills from senate bill and even house bill

where they are addressing students with disabilities also without providing funding for that pathway. we have vast academy which is extraordinary but it is very narrow in scope in that if correct me if i am wrong we have fewer than 100 students a year in vast academy. who who where is best academy? are they not here today? not

sure they are here represented today. okay. we we did get a request from the tac to identify all of those unfunded state mandates and the the the associated dollars that we expend to to maintain those or make those happen. and so we submitted what we thought was uh helpful for them to share with in fact the governor

asked for it. so in response to the governor's request for that, we sent that uh maybe a month ago. okay. so i i think my statement is this is a tight squeeze that we did not expect with with the way that the bills are written. it is not providing funding for some of the mandates for what we

are paid for for certain uh for certifications, credentials of value that has been narrowed in scope as well. yet they have broadened the base for who should be um educated and and not pay for education, which is good that they do not have to pay. but the for us it is how do we manage it such that

it does not become an overwhelming fiscal burden for us. vast academy it definitely needs to be expanded at an extraordinary rate because these bills are making it very clear that this is what is expected of higher education. but i do not see in this bill book where they are actually paying for this. what do we do? so

chancellor, that is a concern because we have not ever expanded vast academy and even the age for vast academy is low but that now it is in this book as a very real issue and a very real requirement by house and senate bills. but i do not see where there is any pay associated with it. so, how

are we going to do that? well, i think, you know, it requires us to be really very methodical and intentional about how we schedule all of our courses, whether they are the short-term credentials of value, the general academic courses that transfer, the institutional licenses and certifications, the academic transfer, all of those are going to be key. and

we know that there is an increase of students within our community who are neurode divergent. and so we are going to have to address those student populations as well. and i saw dr. lewis walk in as well and he oversees uh sue morasca who is with the vast academy and i'd like for him to come forward and

talk about the expansion of the vas academy because last year there was an expansion and this year there is another expansion as well to acres homes. dr. lewis. yes, chancellor. we are expanding the vast academy throughout the district and currently we are setting up uh opportunities at the northeast location for vast students. in addition to that trustee,

the age range for vast has expanded. we received a moody grant. so we have bridge to career pathways which is allowing those students on the two different tiers of vas if they are the upper tier to be able to complete in the vas program and then move into a workforce program. in addition to that, under the direction

of miss morasa, we were able to get financial aid for those students. so now we have uh a larger footprint to work with more students. the plan is to expand this out further and further throughout the district, but we had to start somewhere. so it is an incremental uh spread at currently. so we have norththeast, uh, southwest,

we have central, and we are going to continue to expand out to southeast and all the rest of the colleges as where the populations lie. how many students at this point? uh the exact number, i need to get that exact number, but the numbers for the vas program normally service around 155 or so students per year due

to the level of serviceability and the the number of individuals that are needed due to the students levels of ability. so you have the life skills level and then you have a level that is working more towards workforce and we are able to facilitate the two. the most exciting portion of this is that now there is no

age limit. initially it was looking at 18 to 25 but again um working with dr. perez and myself sumarasa we have expanded that to whatever end. so it does not matter the age of the individual. so any student at any age can come back and engage in the vast academy with the hope and the encouragement and the

supports to get those students to receive some type of credential here at the college. uh what are the corporations that are willing to work with us to hire our students because i know quite a few will. they have dedicated uh employment spaces for uh neurodeiverse uh students that are graduating. yes. what what do we have a list

of corporations and how can we expand that list? well, currently we are working with md anderson. we started this fall with md anders for an internship that students will be working there at that location. and we are also working with community organizations such as uh the center for pursuit that i believe is on the east side and

we are working at various other organizations that focus on um expanding those opportunities. in addition to the moody foundation, they are also working with us to find different types of opportunities for individuals to engage. we are more than happy to accept any leads for partnering with any corporations for neuro divergent students um at any point in time.

but the college is working towards a comprehensive means by which to address the needs of all community members within this city. so dr. christina robinson and and her extensive list um that does not include neurodeiverse uh employment. we need to understand what that list looks like. and i know that um stu uh students who are neurodeiverse, those

corporations do understand who they can hire and where they can put them. they do have an understanding of that. but we need that list. um because if we have expanded from i think we should do 76 students a year or something. it was very low. yeah, it was a u very low. yeah. the capacity initially it started

at central. there was a small number of students that we initially worked with and again under sumaraska to build that up but the team has grown over the years and the investment of the institution into these other locations has allowed for that expansion and also the expansion of students who are more diverse and that is grown across

the state as you mentioned earlier and the chancellor has mentioned with that same growth we are trying working to meet those ends in fact we even are working with online options for some of the students who have the abilities to engage in that way so last week uh we had an opportunity to visit with i had an

opportunity to visit with sue and others and looking at opportunities for even maybe engaging in online opportunities for more students through the vas program. so we we will train them for online learning because i know during during co it was a nightmare for neurodeiverse students that that was an adjustment they could not make. so it would be

it is good to know that uh sumarasa has already headed in that direction. i have to give kudos to vast academy. they have done an extraordinary work and they are nationally recognized for what they do and they are the best at what they do and they have literally worked. literally made bricks without straw. so i do not

know what our budget looks like and i know our budget is very tight. um i am looking at dr. han. it is very tight. but this is a population that has grown considerably in this region. but they are eligible for work when those corporations work with us and to to define what they want from us. it is

the same thing that we have done in the past. we when we did it for ai, robotics and and cyber security, we brought in industry to tell us what the training should look like, what the curriculum should look like, and all of it came a stellar program. so i look forward to uh corporations working with vast academy

to guarantee these students employment. that is a lot of those students are employment eligible but you have to find the companies that are willing to work closely with us to guarantee that. so thank you for expanding it. it is a blessing. thank uh the vast academy team for the work that they have done because it was not

easy to expand and yet they have done it again and so i look forward to seeing them gain yet another national recognition for the work that they have done. thank you. that is my report, madam chair, unless there are any other questions. definitely. we did right now. yeah. like thumbs up. team work. i had a chance to

present it, but there are many behind pushing it forward. so, let us acknowledge everyone else who is been been doing that work. so, i appreciate it. thank you for working with us so much. okay. um, the external relations committee meeting will now adjourn at 3:45 p.m. for september 3rd, 2025 will come to order at 3:45. i am

sorry. the meeting was called for the purpose listed on the duly posted meeting notice. the other committee members are trustee adriana tamez, um, prietta vandal stalworth, and alternate shaun chieven. a citizen desiring to appear before the board of trustees shall complete the hearing of citizens form 24 hours prior to the meeting and file set application with the

board services office. there are no citizens signed up to speak before the marketing committee. today we will discuss item i a strategic communications and marketing update. this is a report item. no action is required. dr. ford fiser will introduce the item. thank you very much, mr. chair, members of the board. this item provides an update to the

board of trustees on the strategic communications and marketing initiative that centers on students student success and communication and marketing outcomes. and with your permission, mr. chair, dr. reema adil, interim vice chancellor of strategic communications and marketing will provide an update and answer all questions. dr. dill. thank you, chancellor. good afternoon, everyone. madame trustee and esteemed members of

the board. so i do have our monthly updates today. um as we being intentional with our efforts, our marketing and communication efforts remain focused on strategically aligning our resources to support a student success. we are working to better align our kpis with key enrollment matrices to ensure every campaign and every initiative that we have contributes meaningfully to

institutional goals keeping students at the front and center of it. so the first update briefly are rebrand efforts that are going on. we are continuing a phase roll out of our rebrand with visual in the slide decks highlighting our integrated social media and website strategy. we are actively partnering with college directors to ensure brand consistency across all

channels and to maintain clear communication with internal and is uh and external stakeholders. the next ongoing efforts are website redesign. um the website redesign is currently 54% complete and is on a schedule for march 2025 launch. we are in the content accuracy and tagging phase which is critical to ensure an intuitive and informative experience for prospective and

current some of our key generic marketing messages. as we are rebranding, we have developed a set of core marketing messages that help us reposition the college with a focus on the student outcomes. these consistent outcomesdriven messages will support support a more unified voice across all our monthly marketing and communication report. um, so we have, this is just

an example of some of the marketing efforts. it is a sample that we have put out there, but prior to getting here, hcc has generated $95 million in earn media value over the last year. so as we continue our effort, we executed multiple targeted mini campaigns and our comparative july report shows increased performance across all kpis. the

two marketing efforts, ongoing efforts that we have currently going on, one is houston reconnect campaign. as of today, we have received 466 student leads um and 63 students confirmed in enrollment. our lvn to adn campaign drove a significant spike in interest leading to 20 enrolled candidates reaching full program capacity for the fall semester. and here are some

new um initiative that we are exploring. uh in this wall we are trying to see how we can further align marketing strategies with the student success outcomes and enrollment drivers. with this i thank you and i welcome any questions or feedback. um i have a question. thank you madam chair or who is yes go ahead. um, so

on the name change, and you may have covered this, but on the name change, uh, i know we are slowly transitioning, are we doing or do we have a plan for a massive blast out of of the um, of the name change and same vision, same mission, new name kind of thing. and again, you may have already

covered this, but i just want to reiterate because i i do have people that come up to me and ask, you know, oh, you changed the name. uh, uh, you changed the name. and i know we are putting it out there in little bits and and we also are putting it out there. but yes, i'd like to

know what the plan is uh to make all aware. so we have several things lined up. um and this is our timeline. i just want to pull it up but briefly to mention it. we have advertorial created. been doing communication through our media, social media. but our big reveal coming up this friday at the convocation. we have

a lot of influencers and media in the crowd. so that will give us a big um push one more time this friday. by monday morning we have planned that is with in collaboration with the communication directors at the colleges to start updating all our websites. um so that is currently the plan but if you can see right

now we are putting out teasers something big is coming that is all over the social media and uh moving forward we will have our starting this monday actually friday it is effort we will have our brand reveal and we will continue those effort we do have plans for student engagement on campuses and continue these short teasers so

yeah we will see it all over the any other questions? trusty trust. hi. um, wanted to ask about the houston reconnect slide. um, so 51 students are now 63 students per your updated number. great progress, but it still falls quite a bit short of the aspirations that we had when we passed the budget. i think we were

thinking more in the lines of about 8,000 students. so, a couple orders of magnitude off. um curious i mean recognizing this is very difficult work to identify students who are living their lives and inform them that there is this great opportunity and then convince them to change their lives to come back and and uh finish their education

but curious through this experience over the last few months what have we learned what are we planning to change so that we can get more or closer to the target student population that we had envisioned for the spring semester trustee this is a very good question so we are working very closely with our student services partner almost

checking in um daily weekly to see where we are and how we can further enhance our efforts for marketing. it is something that we are also seeing in our connect to campaign that is currently going on. i will report next month on that one. but we are making sure if we need to put money behind it, we

make it a a paid campaign if there is. so we are just making sure we are using different media and different ways to connect with the different audiences that we have. all right. thanks. i think it'd be helpful to understand um in the web perhaps um where y'all have identified vectors that are not as work as successful

where you are changing your approach to try to target students where they are at. um just be good information to have and we do not need to take up meeting time necessarily for that. so thank you in advance. uh thank you for the pre presentation. um the social i want to make a comment about the social media

uh because i appreciate seeing uh houston community college at the social media level in a in the passive perspective um in linkedin and linkedin is clearly our largest uh reach. i think it is what 130,000 people something like that. great reach. um, also having them at at uh in the meta system for facebook and um um the

i never i do not like the other one, but anyway, i do like to see i i do see a lot of southwest. i do see central and i i expect to see more of southeast. we need a balance. a we need to see h houston city college at the broad brushstroke level in social media and then

each of our colleges has to present itself because there are some specific things that each college has to do and offer. and so um the social media handles um the profiles and the cover images. i know it is a lot to clean up uh for a website that we decided to change and then decided to change the

name after the fact. so, we put the cart before the horse, but we still have to get it done. um so, in two places, we are not visible, but we will have to work on that. uh because we have to follow the my concern is the 18 to 35 year olds. that is a substantial uh demographic and

we are missing them. um we are missing them, but it is because their social media perspective is very different from what we perceive to be social media. um i definitely would like to see a larger footprint in the other media areas. uh because we cannot forget that those media areas have an impact. so can you all explain

to us what the other media areas areas look like besides social and website? thank you trustee for asking. um i want to start with what you were talking about the other colleges and the good things they are doing. you are right. we do need to get on the same page with social media. we are we have the

people on team. we are establishing a special social media team that is going to look at things totally differently. we are going to strategically send out posts. we are not just going to send out a post about an ice cream social at a campus at 3:00. the campuses can be doing that. the college directors can be doing

that. we are looking at strategically coming up with a calendar to where all the college directors are college uh uh campus communications directors can be on the same page with us. we are meeting with them monthly. we are going to work with them to make sure we are all on the same page. so, we applaud the success

the southwest college is having. like you said last month, we want to learn from them. you did well with this. how can we do well with it? how we are going to do things differently is we are looking at different ways we are going to reach certain audiences. for example, if we have a reel that performs well,

we are going to look at that reel. who do we send it out to? what are the key words? what are the key phrases? how did we target that? where did we get the success? and we are going to try to replicate that. we are testing that out right now. we are kind of using a couple of

our tv shows to test out our reels and see what draws the attention. then we can go back to the communications directors, compare our data to theirs, and then we can all be on the same page and see how we can be successful together as opposed to one college getting 8,000 views for a view for a post,

another college getting 80. we want to be all on that team. good that that you can ask southwest what were they doing because they are everywhere. i mean and i i have to play games on my phone cuz i have to stop my mind and they pop up all the time even in the games. it is like

what are these guys doing? i am seeing hcc commercials, the 15-second commercials, 30 second commercials in the games section on social media, which is good because as much as we may not want to admit it, that passive punch sticks in the back of your mind. so, the i mean, what are they they are doing a lot right?

i see central. i see southeast. one of the challenges i have is i cannot repost a lot of it and i have reach, but i cannot repost it cuz it does not allow me to. that is a problem. two months ago, i had 899,000 views and none of them were hcc. that is a problem. so if i

cannot repost, cannot help, that is a challenge because my goal is to make sure that as many people that i know that i reach can actually see hcc. that is my goal. so you all have to help me to make that right. yeah. trustee, we are building a a library and we are putting marketing all marketing collateral

um on a schedule. so we will have everything ready prior to every semester aligning it with the um with our um the schedules. so we are here on providing monthly reports. allow us to bring more information back to you. i am sure you will be pleased. we are in alignment and we are listening going in that direction.

you guys are doing a great job and you it is good to see us catch up with social media. i would encourage you to also post on the association of community college trustees social site. they are expecting to see success and we are not we are not posting on with them. and so if we hashtag and post

with them, i think that is another area where we have bragging rights as an institution in comparison to the other 1199 colleges. i just happen to think we are the best. so, thank you for the work that you have done and thank you for catching up to social media and thank you for the website changes. chancellor, thank

you very much, mr. chair. and of course, i i would like to add on to the comments that were made about the social media and indicate as well that we are attempting to unify all of the work that we do in terms of the messaging as opposed to having the messaging that might be fragmented in some way.

and so, that is the reason for the library. but in addition uh to that i have to of course as you indicated commend southwest and central but the other colleges as well have been sending out messages also not just those to northeast i have seen those coleman college and of course i have to uh address also south

south northwest also all of the colleges but i have to commend hcctv and communications because frank has what is called social media on instagram and he has gotten a number of hits and so we are now looking at ways that we can then bring that into what we do as well to reach a unique audience and if

you could just briefly touch on that please. frank cooper is going to be working on a threeperson team um which is going to be strategic with social media as we mentioned earlier. some of the things, frank, and that is one of the things i have sat down and talked to frank like frank, you have getting 60,000 views

on on one of your videos. what exactly is this? and it goes back to what we used in the news days. what gets the views? the action video. he went out to the uh to the center of excellence, the public safety institute, and he shot firefighters going up and down the stairs. people liked seeing that, and they

started re-sharing it, and it became viral. we are looking at ways of doing that, but i have been going through, we released a number of, you will get a report on this next month, but we released a number of videos for the c2w campaign. um, so their reels, we produced five of them. we customized about 12 different

ones for colleges upon their choice, but we had one style within a few days with just a few dollars behind this. we are talking less than 200. you know, we are getting 1.7,000 views on a 10-second reel that leads them to the website where they can register. so, we are looking at things, measuring on what works, what

does not, and if does work, why does it, and how can we do it again and get better at it. um, thank you all. dr. adele, i appreciate your report. we had a short time and i know uh it was not sufficient for you to go over everything you are doing because i realize you and your team

been working real hard and are doing a lot of positive things. if there is no other comments from our fellow trustees, the marketing committee meeting adjourns at 4:03 p.m. thank you. i mean, the committee of the whole meeting for september the 3rd, 2025th will now come to order at 4:11 p.m. meeting was called for the purposes as

listed on the duly posted meeting notice. a cit a citizen desiring to appear before the board of trustees shall complete the hearing of citizen form 24 hours prior to the meeting and the file set application with the board service um office. mr. saias is registered to speak. mr. sas welcome. thank you members of the board. my name

is jean sakius. i am here to speak to you obviously not only as a concerned citizen but as one who believes in the mission of houston community college which is to educate. excuse me. i did not read my whole script. it is not your my doing. so just hold on. hold your thought. a citizen desiring to appear

before the board. okay. the 24 hours time allotted to each citizen or organizations shall be limited to 4 minutes. the board may stop any speaker who makes complaints against a specific trustee or employee or comments about the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline or dismissal of a specific employee and may require the speaker to resume his or

her comments in close session as permitted under the personnel exception of the open meetings act. and now to uh sign to appear before the board is mr. saias. thank you so very much very kindly. thank you. again, i am here to speak to you, to address you, board of members, not as a concerned citizen, but as one

who believes in you in the mission of houston community college, which is to educate, to uplift, to serve our community, and to perform with dignity. as a former instructor, i spent my life teaching for about 30 30 years. so, i am a former educator. students rise when dignity leads. students perform when dignity leads. as a teacher, former

educators, board members, all of us. we cannot lead our students if we do not have dignity as we are leading them. i am so excited. i love this institution. i have seen every one of you have great dignity as you perform. the whole city is in love with fusion community college. i have recruited several hundreds of students

coming to this college without you knowing about it. i am i do care about this institution as a former teacher. dignity is very important. leadership without truth is a failure. leadership with truth is freedom. we need to decide are we going to give freedom to our students or are we going to fail them. it has come to

this community's attention that a newly appointed trustee may have misrepresented her residency and that is not dignity. if she lie about her residency, what else will she lie in the future? will she conform to corruption or will she i would say transform to a corrupt mind ultimately will she be able to perform for our students for our

community to help the chancellor who has a great heart for this college will she be able to help her to perform for our community. leadership without truth is failure. leadership with freedom. leadership with truth is freedom. will you give our students freedom? thank you very much. thank you. we appreciate concerns raised during the hearing of citizens portion

of the meeting. if the matters you raised are not included on the board agenda, state law. specifically, the texas open meetings act prohibits the board from discussing or acting on this issues at this board meeting. the comments provided will be taken into consider consideration. thank you. topics for discussion and or action. we will begin with item a,

review of hcc investment portfolio. this is a report item. no action is required. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you, madame board chair, members of the board. this is a discussion item to review the hc investment portfolio as you indicated with our investment advisors and with your permission. madame chair, dr. sheria han and miss emily

upshaw of valley view llc will provide an overview and answer questions first. dr. han. thank you, chancellor board and chance and chair. uh this is emily upshaw from valley view consulting. she is been here before. she will update you on our investment portfolio. thank you so much, emily. thank you, dr. han. good evening, everyone. chancellor, madame chair,

board trustees. i appreciate your time. um i can spend about as long as you like on this. i can talk all day about investments. um, but i will try to keep it as brief as you like. um, i wanted to go through and give you an economic update what is going on. um, i can talk until i

am blue in the face of this. and tomorrow morning when we wake up, everything's changed because of the headlines. so, um, take it with a grain of salt. things will change, but i am trying to talk in generalities. i want to give you an idea of what is happening, what is been happening, and how that impacts your

portfolio. last year i came here, we had some recommendations on ways to improve your portfolio. so i want to talk about the progress that was made on that. you have made some good strides there. uh and then we just have a few other recommendations that you can continue with if you choose to. um just some things that

we typically offer for our clients. so want to make sure that you all have opportunities to discuss those ideas as well. so i will start with econom economic update. so the federal open market committee referred to as fomc. they are the committee that sets the federal funds rate and that has a large impact on the rates that

you actually earn. uh because as a government entity you typically have to keep your investments pretty short. your investment policy requires three years and less. so that rate that is set by the fomc has a really big impact on what you can invest in. right now they have been taking the uh wait and see approach. they haven't

been making any changes to that rate because they want to see how various policies that have been implemented will impact the economy uh in general. so their goal is to control inflation what they call price stability and to ensure that employment is at its maximum level. so they are in uh the business of trying to help the

economy along. they can only adjust that fed funds rate to try and help or hinder the economy in any situation that they need to. so, uh, right now tariffs have been the big headline. um, they have mentioned before this could have a short-lived impact or it could be more prolonged. so, they are trying to wait and see

what the market data will tell them before they make any moves. as i left the office today, however, the market probability of us seeing a rate cut of 25 basis points, which is 0.25% to that fed funds rate was at 97% for september. so, their meeting is september 16th and 17th, and it is highly likely we will

see a rate cut. that'll be the first one since december of 2024. so, it is been a long time since we have seen one, and that could have some market impacts. the market's already priced in that. so, the rates that you are getting now have already uh guessed that that will actually occur. so, rates have actually decreased

since then. some other items that also impact their decision, the housing supply, that has been a big issue. uh housing supply has been in short uh very short for a long period of time. so prices have gone up and given that we are in high interest rate time uh it is been uh causing a lot of affordability

issues. so that is going to persist regardless of what the fomc does uh because supply has so has been so short it is likely to continue. consumers are also slowing. uh the retail sales have started to slow in general. people are not going out and making large purchases because of the uncertainty out there. this has a big

impact on our economy because 70% of our economy is driven by consumers. so as consumers start slowing down, our economy is expected to slow as well. so in general, the fed funds rate cut is likely uh in september. there is also another one that is expected possibly in october or december. so we just have to get our

heads wrapped around the fact that we will start seeing lower rates. the treasury yield curve is something that we always look to. uh right now you will see it is an inverted yield curve. so those higher term rates or higher rates are being paid on the shorter term investments versus the long-term investments. in a normal market environment,

we would see a sloped curve with the overnight rate paying much lower than the longer term rate. so we have been in this inverted yield environment for about 2 years now. if the fomc does start making uh changes to the fed funds rate, we would expect that curve to start normalizing. so hopefully that is what we will

see if they do indeed start making rate cuts. we included this just so you could see the es and flows over time. uh this is just looking at the various us treasury rates over a period of time. so you can see consistencies with where we are at versus where we have been. uh if you look at the

september 2006 all the way to september 2009, you see the rate falls. that was when we had uh the housing crisis. so we had rates cut very quickly. we were had a prolonged period of time where the rates were very low, the great recession. and then we had rates start to improve before covid came along and then

they went through their emergency uh protocol and they uh reduced the fed funds rate very quickly there as well to try to help pump some activity into the economy. we have since gone up as they were fighting inflation. those rates went really really high. but now we are expected to start coming down. so what the college has

done is starting to prepare the portfolio for when those rate cuts do come because that is the way to best protect the interest income that you can earn on your investments over time. it is important to keep in mind the investment policy goals. uh so in your investment policy the objectives are stated safety of principle. you do

have taxpayer dollars so you are the steward of their funds. uh so maintaining safety of principle is of utmost importance. you also have to have liquidity to pay the bills. um so we have to make sure that you have adequate liquid funds so cash equivalents. you also maintain the public trust. we do not want anything that will

uh hinder the public trust in what the college is doing. and then we would expect risk commensurate yields. so you are not going out and taking uh risks that you should not. so there is a lot of um legislation that controls how public funds can be invested. you have to stay within those parameters. so rates are not

going to be like what you would see in your personal portfolio where risk is higher. risk is very very low because you have taxpayer dollars. so those yield should be consistent with what the market's offering. just as a reminder, the maximum uh maturity for your portfolio is three years. and then the max wham, the weighted average maturity

is two years. you have not bumped up against that, but it is just something to be aware of. um we do not want your investments going too far uh to the three-year. so, um, you do have that wham put in there to protect you from liquidity issues. we wanted you to see the es and flows of your

portfolio value. this is very typical of a community college. you bring in tax revenue and you are spending down the rest of the year. this might shift a little bit given that the state appropriations changed now that you are getting half of your funds in october. um, we might see a little bit higher uh in that december

quarter end. uh but consistently you will probably continue to see the same pattern. this is your weighted average yield. so this is about what the portfolio has been earning over time. so i just wanted to point out we have been we have had higher rates for a long period of time. things are starting to come down. so

you will see that yield curve it will start coming down naturally. there is nothing anyone can do about it. as rates come down your portfolio yield will come down as well. the goal is to have it come down slowly relative to other uh investment options out there like short-term investments. so when i was here last year, we

looked at the composition of the june 30 of 2024 and some of the recommendations that we had. you had a 6535 split of your portfolio. so you had about 65% cash, 35% in fixed income. the goal that we suggested was about 35 or 50% cash, 50% uh fixed income. we also discussed uh considering collateralized cds and money

market accounts, diversifying your um local government investment pools and cash equivalents in general just because we are anticipating lower yields. so this shows the composition. the top left corners, that is june 2024. uh bottom right corner, june 2025. so, if you were to look at these charts, and i know that the numbers are hard to see here,

but in june of 2024, you had a 6535 mix. when we got to june of third, uh 2025, you had a 4654 split. so, you were much closer to that 50/50 split, which was great to see. so, when we were going back, you got to that 50% ladder with fixed income. you did consider collateralized cds. you actually

purchased a cd um to have 10% of your portfolio held in that cd and then you diversified the local government investment pools and money market fund options that you had. if you look back at this chart, you had 59% in local government pools in 2024. in 2025, that was down to 30%. so, you had shifted some of

those funds not only to fixed income but also to the money market funds just to give you some diversity between providers. oops. so, our current recommendations, the lattering strategy that you have been implementing is really the best thing you can do to guard against when rates start to fall. so, we want you to continue lading those investments

as you have been. anytime maturities come up with those us treasuries or agencies that you own, we would highly suggest investing those as they mature. we also wanted you to consider collateralized cds at other institutions. um, and i wanted to explain collateral just briefly here just to make sure everyone's comfortable with how it works. so that way

you can consider uh banking institutions that are outside of the the big four. um, when you have collateralized cds, the bank can collateralize, so they can offer in return to protect your funds securities as collateral, a federal home loan bank letter of credit, or they can use fdic insurance. so all of those are eligible under the public

funds collateral act. so when you go to a bank um it can be a smaller, more localized, more regionalized bank. they can offer that collateral and your funds are always protected. so i wanted to make sure that you all were comfortable with that. if your staff were to go out and find a regional bank that is paying

a higher rate than one of the big four banks, um they always have to offer you collateral so your funds are always protected. so, i do not want that to scare anyone. there are good opportunities out there with some of your more regional banks. so, we want to make sure that that is an option for you. the

goals of lading though are to hedge future rate decreases. that is absolutely uh what we would recommend that you do. and it also stabilizes your interest income for your budget. so, it makes it much easier to plan uh for the future about how much income you anticipate coming in. so, that way you are prepared. rates are going

to start coming down. so we would expect that that interest income estimate would start coming down with it. uh but it is always helpful to have that in the back of your mind uh for extra income. we also want you to consider higher yielding money market account options. so money market accounts are different than local government pools

and money market funds. a account is actually a deposit at a bank and similar to cds, they will actually be collateralized. so they are fully protected. and one of the options that we have seen a lot lately is called ics. it used to be called insured cash sweep. it is now the intrify services cash account. um it

is managed by a company called intrify. and what they do, it is a spread program. so you have one bank relationship. they are paying you a rate that they set um at the ic level. and then when your funds go into that bank, they are spread to various banks that are part of that interfy network in under

$250,000 increments. so you have fdic insurance with various banks across the nation, but you have one relationship with that banking institution. so it is just a way for government entities to be able to invest more than $250,000 in any one bank and still have fdic insurance. so that has become a pretty prevalent option out there and it

is possible that you may be approached with a bank that offers that. so it is a tool that is available. um and it is something that i just want you to be comfortable with. we do anticipate lower yields coming. so as i mentioned lading those investments, your staff has done a really good job of getting those investments

all the way out to three years. that is going to protect you over time. so we would recommend that they continue with that i can keep going with any questions you have. like i said, happy to talk about anything that we did not cover, but i wanted to give you a general overview. thank you, trustees. any questions?

trusty wilson. um, you know, every day i listen to the radio and one station says, uh, the federal reserve is going to lower interest and i turn it to another station and something and i read one magazine that says one thing and i read another one and it just the constant amount of information you get and the

varying um, views that all these different people have makes, you know, my mind is swimming and you know i i i cannot keep up with it. but you know and uh the tariffs i really uh you know personally i i have a business and uh that purchased from overseas and i have been doing it and now i

am the product's got a 50% tariff on it and i am pretty much out of business. i cannot be competitive and that is what the administration wants and that i am not sure how that whole long-term tariff thing is going to shake out and um you know i i i do suspect that with the lower interest rates

our yield here at the college will be going down a little bit. so i think we have to be realistically realist about that. and me personally, uh, i i do not have a problem with dealing with regional banks. in fact, i have been more successful in banking relationships with regional banks than the the big banks. so, u

uh, you i am glad i do not have your job. anyway, u, that was a good report and thank you for your appreciate it. thank you. yes, that was a great report and thank you for coming out and sharing that with us. absolutely. thank you for the time. the next topic for discussion is review of h. oh,

we did that one. okay. monthly investment reports, financial statement and budget reviews for july 2025th. uh, do we have a motion to approve item b? so moved. it is been moved and second. thank you. um, dr. ford fisher will introduce the item. thank you, madam board chair, members of the board. this is a recommendation item for your

consideration to accept the investment report, financial statement, and budget review for the month of july 2025. and with your permission, madame chair, if there are questions, dr. sher han, senior vice chancellor of finance and administration will answer all questions. thank you. thank you, chancellor board and board chair. um, we are doing well financially once again. we are

coming to the end of our fiscal year. we have seen almost a realization of almost 100% of the revenue we expected at 97% out of the 465 million budget for fy25. um, you are probably aware of this. salaries, what i call loaded wage salaries and benefits represent 67% of our expenses. there is another large category contra contracted

services representing 8%. so those two elements represent threequarters of our expenses, but we are managing managing them well. on the investment side, we have $2.1 million of uh unrealized gain. that means nothing was sold but for the book value has increased by that amount. and the balance sheet just to make it a complete report. once again we

are doing better than we were doing in the pri prior year. um we have lower current assets this year because we have improved accounts receivable collections in general. so a slight improvement of roughly $5 million. and likewise, we have a little more on the long-term investment side. i think emily addressed some of that in her discussion. so,

we are slightly higher of um our long-term investments for see if there is anything else that we can share. we did share some information about our bond debt that was sent out in a ti. we looked at the various uh expense categories in fund one and fund 8 across student revenue bonds, loan star notes, limited tax bonds,

and maintenance tax notes. and we showed the timing of when each of those payments occur. so, everyone should have that data. and if you have any questions about the financial reports, i would be happy to address them. thank you. trustees, any questions? trusty she looks like from the numbers we are on track for about a 1015 millionish

dollar surplus for the year. is that still accurate or actually i do not think so. i think it can be a little less. i would if i had to venture a guess i would say between 6 and 8 million. okay. we are going to have a soft close probably next week sometime early and then shortly thereafter a

final close. but i am guessing because of the additional uh volume of students that we have now and additional staffing costs, we are eating into that 10 million a little bit. so, okay. no, thanks. it is good news though. well, we are ready to vote on item b, investment report, financial statement, budget reviews for july 2025th. voting

is open. aaron, that is a yes for me. and that is trusty patterson. voting has concluded. the motion passed unanimously with a vote of 8 to zero. thank you so much. is there a motion to approve item c? approve chancellor's annual priorities and performance goals for 20 25th 26. so moved. second. it has been moved and seconded.

dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you very much, madam board chair, members of the board. so this is an action item recommended for your consideration to approve the chancellor's annual priorities and performance goals for 2025-26. and with your permission, madame board chair, i will go to the podium and respond to all questions and provide an

trustes. we have had a chance to uh review these goals and uh proposed goals. so, uh, the chancellor will, you know, just give us a highlight of them and then we will, if we have questions, then we will ask. thank you. thank you very much, madame board chair, members of the board. i am delighted to provide an

overview of the goals that we have here. uh gotten input from some of the trustees and certainly the review of the goals this year will certainly provide us with an opportunity to begin the process of addressing the goals much sooner this year than last year. we have a lot of opportunities before us and i think the goals

are really excellent and i will quickly go through these so that you will see what we are focusing on. uh and of course we have the overview there. and then for goal number one, increase student persistence from 59% to 61%. and we anticipate that we will be able to reach this goal. the data have not yet come

in for the fall 24 and the 25 uh semester. uh it is primarily because we are waiting for those students to transfer and for us to get that information and then we will be able to certainly certify that we will be able to have the 59% as the baseline. right now it is anticipated but our target is

61% the stretch goal 63. the second goal help more students metriculate through their developmental sequence by 5%. once again, you see the numbers there and we have a stretch goal of 6%. goal three, grow enrollments and credentials of value by 5%. and of course with that you see the baseline as well. we want to achieve annual growth

of 5% in credentials of value. the bachelor's, associates, semester credit hour, certificates, academic transfer courses, occupational skill assessment awards, and of course the institutional certifications for lensure as well. next is goal four, increase the number of students who are persisting to a balora degree and grow enrollment by 10%. there is continuous interest in our balora degree programs

and one of the things that the presidents have done is that they have focused on the commit to complete for the students and as was mentioned earlier for the early college high school students they are also being invited to get additional information about these balora degree programs so that they also can enroll with us at a community

college price. you see the stretch goal there of 50% and you see the baseline and the target that we have set as well. next is the houston reconnect program which is an excellent program. 50% of students entering houston reconnect earn an award within one year. and this is what we have been focusing on with the instructional and

student services area and of course with financial aid as well to ensure that all of the information that students will need would be available to them to immediately sign up for the program. information was provided earlier about the number of students who've already completed their application. so, we are looking forward to expanding our outreach throughout the community

in order to ensure that more residents of the community are aware of this. presidents also are working with their advisory committees to make sure that their workforce advisory committee members are aware of the opportunities as well for those persons who are currently employed in the workforce and would seek that opportunity to upskill. and of course the stretch

goal there is 60% to earn a credential. next is the create the lvn to adn pathway. we are really very delighted with all of the successes that have come with the work that has been done through coleman college of health sciences to get us to this point. we understand that while the board of nurse examiners did approve

our offering this opportunity for 30 students in the fall and 30 in the spring, it was determined by the college that 20 students would be great because we are looking at ensuring that these students are able to perform in a way in that they are able to certainly reach that 85% pass rate. as we prepare and was

mentioned earlier as well as we look at allied health and particularly with nursing that this is a career pathway in nursing that is in high demand and we want to help fill that gap. so we will start focusing on preparing for two years at least for our students to be able to move into that pathway uh with

potentially the the rn uh as well. number seven, update hcc's technology infrastructure by installing software and hardware updates and develop a technology master plan. we see the goals and the objectives of course that are there and i did receive additional information from the uh chair one of the trustees on that as well. and so we will be

including that information in terms of some of the activities and actions that we can address, but certainly we are open to the board for discussion about how you'd like for us to amend that. uh, of course, and we will indeed comply. number eight is update the hc facilities master plan and continue to execute the deferred maintenance plan.

you see the objective there and we are certainly looking at that 15% and not trying to stay below that um that 15 or above uh below that 15%. we have been at 12% previously and we do not want to exceed that 15% of the exigent spending. you had an opportunity earlier to meet uh mr. sullivan, who is

our new cio. i'd like for you to please stand and be recognized. uh, as well, mr. sullivan is our new cio, our chief information officer, who will be working with us on the software infrastructure as well as with the master plan as well for technology. welcome aboard. we are delighted that you are here. [applause] and next goal

nine, develop a strategy and timeline to address all statutory provisions of and compliance with senate bill 37, including adherence to applicable dates. you heard the report from dr. young earlier regarding to uh senate bill 37 and how we are moving forward with with the additional piece that will be submitted in january of 2027. certainly that will be

coming to the board, but you saw the timeline for all of the additional components that we will be focusing on as well. and as was requested earlier in the meeting, trusty chibin was asking for a timeline and a date. then with the task force meeting on tomorrow, we should be able to comply with the request to get

all of the information that you requested to the board uh in october. so that provides an update on where we are with respect to the proposed goals and i am open to to questions. madam chair, members of the board, thank you chancellor trustees, questions, comments, trusty wilson. um, you know, being on the board and us making this

document, i think it is a good document and i think we did quite well. but uh one of the the the points i'd like to make this this is the chancellor's goal, but the chancellor has her administrative staff and it is the faculty and it is everyone in the college. everyone at houston city college, this is your

goals and we want to see those stretch goals reached and we want to keep moving forward in a very positive direction. and uh uh i just that is all i wanted to say was it is not just the chancellor's goal. it is the whole college's goal and the board too. thank you very much for that. thank you.

yes. that is what uh i was going to say as well is that you know it is all of us all of us at houston city college. it is we all going to work together. i have always said we are a team of 10. you know, the board and and you, we work together and the better that

we can work together as a team, we will continue striving high and reaching our goals. so, uh, congratulations to you and board members, let us continue to continue forward and shine. so, at this time, we are now ready to vote on item c. approved the chancellor's annual priorities and performance goals for 2025th 2026. voting is open. sharon,

that is sharon. it is trusty patterson. that is a yes for me. receive. thank you. dr. tas is a yes. voting has concluded. the motion passed unanimously with a vote of 8 to zero. thank you, madam chair. members of the board, thank you. and our work continues. thank you. the meeting of the committee of the hold is

now adjourned at thank you. i said five. i am sorry. [applause] we finished by
