texas board of nursing on july 17th, good afternoon. the regular meeting has now come to order on august the 20th, 2025th at 4:04 p.m. meeting was called for the purposes as listed on the duly posted meeting we want to remember in our thoughts and prayers blake johnson, our board services staff, in the passing of his father-in-law, roger

hutchkins, who transitioned on thursday, august the 7, 2025th. blake is attending the services which were held on tuesday, august the 19th in newark, new jersey. also on thursday, august 14, 2025th, we held the services for my aunt, lup romero, who turned who was 98 years old. thank you to everyone for the kind words and thoughts. at this

time, please join me for the prayer followed by the pledges. and i have the privilege of doing the prayer today. so, please our dear heavenly father, thank you for bringing us here safely. bless the families in our community always. we ask for guidance as we move forward to do the work of houston city college. fill us with

peace, wisdom, patience, and understanding. in your name, we all say, amen. pledge. i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of america and to the republic for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. our texas pledge. honor the texas flag. i pledge allegiance to thee. one state under god,

one and indivisible. thank you. we are now ready to approve the minutes from the academic and student affairs committee audit committee committee of the whole and external relations committee meetings on june 4th 2025th regular meeting on june 18 2025th and board governance committee meeting on july the 10, 2025th. is there a motion to approve the minutes for

june and july? so moved. there a second. it is been moved and second. are there any corrections to the minutes? seeing none. we are now ready to vote on the approval of the minutes for june and july 2025th. voting is now open. voting has concluded. the motion passed with a vote of 7 to zero. we will now

move to our awards presentations and recognitions. please note that the work texas workforce commission grant recognition is postponed until a later date. dr. tony ral sutherland will introduce the awards, presentations, and recognitions. good afternoon. it is our pleasure to invite dr. edmund butch herod and mrs. kathy herod to join the trustees and chancellor in front of the

days in recognition of their gift donation to the hcc foundation of $25,000 in support to establish an endowment scholarship fund for hcc students. and we also invite hcc foundation president karen l. schmidt and will horton, hcc foundation development director for the [applause] thank you for the continued support of the hcc foundation. trustees and chancellor, please remain in

front of the deis for the next presentation. we will provide an opportunity uh an opportunity for remarks at the end of the recognitions. now, at this time, we invite dr. nicole boute honoluluma, faculty senate president, to join the trustees and chancellor for recognition and appreciation of her outstanding leadership and dedication to the faculty senate for academic year

2025. we all congratulations dr. nicole boute honoluma and many thanks for your service to hcc. now we invite miss morgan eiet, staff senate president for 2024 to 25 to join the trustees and chancellor for recognition in appreciation for her outstanding leadership and dedication to the staff senate for 2024 to 25. [applause] congratulations morgan on your recognition and

thank you again trustees and chancellor you may return to the de now we welcome at this time to the podium karen schmidt for comments on the thank you, board chair laredo, trustees, and chancellor ford fiser. i am pleased to have the opportunity as the hcc foundation president to extend our sincere gratitude to dr. butch herod and his

wife kathy for their support of hcc students. they provided a gift of $25,000 to establish an endowed scholarship fund benefiting hcc students success. their support of hcc students has been ongoing for several decades. butch and kathy have given tirelessly of themselves to improve the student experience at hcc. with this scholarship, they provide a permanent pathway for support

of hcc students looking to a better life through education. now, i would like to invite dr. butch herod and kathy to the podium for remarks. [applause] [music] hi. i want to read this to get this right. so, madame chair, members of the hcc board, madame chancellor, colleagues, and guests, kathy asked that i speak on behalf of both

of us this afternoon. and by the way, she always sits in the back. she works in the it division. and i have a quick comment about that in a minute. but uh no, it is a good thing. it is not about the network. in establishing this scholarship, it is our intention that these funds be used for students

from the central college area. this is not because it is my current college, but because these zip codes represent some of the most economically disadvantaged communities in greater houston. there are people in these communities that see no hope for themselves. to escape their economic circumstances. we must provide that hope if things are to change. intergenerational poverty is

a tragedy and we cannot continue to waste our precious human capital. we hope that in some small manner that this scholarship can help to change the trajectory of some of their lives. and now just a quick comment. i we can never express our gratitude enough for all that hcc has done for us. every member of our family

took courses here and both of our daughters graduated from hcc and went on to establish businesses and pursue successful careers. kathy's first it job was as a part-time tech at southwest college many years ago and i began teaching here as an adjunct in 1985. many positions later, it is indeed an honor and privilege to lead central college

with my great team. and kathy, of course, serves as senior network analyst in it, also working with a great team. so, thank you hcc for everything you have done for us and continue to do so. thank you hcc board. chancellor for your leadership. it is just an honor and a privilege to work here every single day. thank

you guys. [applause] thank you, doc. thank you, dr. wood, har and also to karen. now, thank you. thank you, madame chair. this concludes the award presentations and recognitions. thank uh, i'd be remissed. thank you, madam chair. uh, miss karen schmidt, can i confed before i uh, you know, dr. herod, before i start harassing him because he is

known me, i have become a cuss, but i need to make sure this check is cleared. but, um, thank you for always answering the call. thank you. now we will do the chairman's report. uh recognition of chancellor ford fischer is accct ceo award for the western region. we would like to express congratulations to our chancellor dr. margaret

ford fischer, who has been chosen as a recipient of the association of community college trustees 2025th western regional chief executive officer award. [applause] this award will be presented at the annual accct leadership congress october 22nd to 25th, 2025 during the regional awards lunchon friday, october the 24th at from 12 to 2:00 p.m. marriott, new orleans. as the

regional western regional award recipient, dr. ford fischer will be the sole nominee from the western region to compete for the national level marie martin chief executive officer award where the winner will be announced at the gayla on friday, october the 24th. the accct is a nonprofit educational organization of governing boards representing more than 6,500 elected and appointed

trustees who govern over 1,000 community, technical, and junior colleges in the united states and beyond. so again, congratulations. thank you very very much, madam chair. oh, yes. i would like to to comment as well and i would like to thank you madame chair and members of the board. i thank you for your nomination and support for the

very prestigious 2025 acct western regional award for ceo of the year. i also thank accct for this tremendous honor and recognition for our institution. this award of recognition and achievement is a major one and a testament of a high-erforming team including the hcc board of trustees, administrators, faculty and staff whose collective efforts have made this achievement possible.

we know that alone we can do so little. together we can do so much. so, i am deeply grateful. we are all aligned to fulfill the vision and mission of this great institution. we are honored and humbled by this outstanding recognition. and we are inspired to go even further to ensure that every opportunity is available for the

residents of our communities to receive education and training to enhance their social and economic mobility. so again, i thank you so very very much. thank you. [applause] [music] [applause] we did not meet in july. however, we want to recognize that dr. ford fischer celebrated her birthday on july the 28th. so we hope you had a wonderful birthday

celebration and we wish you many, many more. we open the floor for trustees to provide information regarding activities in their perspective respective districts and overview from conferences or workshops attended and or to recognize individuals for outstanding contributions in the community that promote education and community service. we ask trustees to limit their respective comments to no more than

two minutes. so i am going to start on this end. uh thank you uh madam chair. there were several activities in my district i attended but so i will not go over time. i am just going to u make reference to one that i was thought feel is most significant and that was the community partnership meeting. it

was great. and from that meeting, members of the community was reaching out to me saying that we are so excited and they were excited about the name change. they were excited about the information that was presented and out of that two individuals reached out to me. their organizations want to offer scholarships to acc students and they they

were specific and but i will not put that on record but they were specific about what was required and in addition the other individual who reached out to me said that they were so excited that he wanted his company to meet he asked me who who should he meet with? i said, dr. webster. he wants to provide

internships through his company for hcc students. and uh he said he started his education at houston den community college and he is just excited to be able to give back to hcc. so, thank you. yes. uh it is along those lines. i wanted to thank the chancellor, the presidents, the staff for the community partnership meetings. um, it

is just great when we are able to open our doors and bring our partners in to be able to make suggestions to uh also to listen to concerns, but most importantly as well for us to share. so, thank you, chancellor, and presidents and staff. great job. thank you. thank you, madam chair. uh good afternoon colleagues and everyone

in attendance. so the month of the months of july and august were very uh active within district 4, particularly with coleman college. uh we had a slew of pinning ceremonies, too numerous to count. um two of them in particular stick out. i was a participant with the dental assistant pinning ceremony as well as the radiography pinning ceremony.

these pinning ceremonies uh acknowledge a recognition of their the completion of the education journey for these professionals uh who have earned their certification at the time. and i would tell you that um that is where the real action is when you talk about coleman college. that is where you really see the meaningfulness of what hcc does for

those students, the ripple effect it has on their families, the level of excitement that you see um for individuals who are earning certificates. so i think it is very meaningful and i thought it'd be it is only appropriate to bring that to colleagues that a lot of times these students get pinned, they do not show up in

december because they are that was their moment. when the whole family showed up and i can i mean i am not embellishing there is at least 10 attendees per graduate at these ceremonies. so it is very special. along those same lines uh the radiography pinning ceremony uh professor patricia gal who was a long-term almost 40year faculty member

adjunct of houston community college uh was presented with the legacy award by the radiology faculty. so i think her contributions for nearly four decades uh were not only worthy of recognition at that event but is worthy of recognition from us all. miss gal unfortunately could not attend this evening uh but certainly want to make sure that dr.

harrison please relay that message to her and colleagues who hear about this. we really appreciate her contribution as well as those who continue to contribute to this fantastic institution. we held our community meeting as well at coleman college which uh was a fantastic occasion. uh we started we got to solicit some input. i might have forcefully induced

people to start sending comments uh our way. i see mr. miguel there. so um that was great. the last thing i will say is um this month marks the 20th anniversary of hurricane katrina. dr. harrison, i know you have ties to new orleans. uh, my alma university of houston downtown will be hosting um a commemoration of this

next thursday. um, and i think it is worthy of all of us to reflect not just what it meant to those folks uh our neighbors to the east, but what it meant to this community and what did to embrace those who were affected by that devastation. so, with that, i will yield. thanks. wanted to make three quick

recognitions. uh the first one very much following a theme, wanted to thank uh dr. webster and the staff at southwest college for the community partnership event as well. not only the the one formally called a community partnership event, but also the july event, the media appreciation launch. both were hugely impactful. also had a similar experience as dr.

lent and gary that folks were really so excited in the moment that they wanted to set up apprenticeships and internships with their businesses. so really cool to see how well we do community engagement. not only from the response that we get in forums like that, but also some of the eyepopping enrollment numbers. i do not want to

steal the chancellor's uh thunder here, but some of the eyepopping enrollment numbers that we are seeing at at westloop college and the southwest system in general, just amazing and it is a testament to how much we are really reaching into the community successfully and and letting people know the offerings that that we have got to improve their

lives and help them level up. um second recognition, want to specifically recognize uh dr. boutehanoloma and dr. smith, we had a more hectic than expected summer with uh sp37 and um many many people uh including uh the full uh sp37 tax task force had a lot to do with the votes that we are going to take tonight.

um but wanted to specifically recognize y'all that y'all brought focus and clarity to that discussion. i do not think we would have reached as good of an outcome as we did without your persistence and your focus and your hard work, especially when you thought you were going to be on vacation. so, uh, just a big thank you

for that. i think this institution is much stronger off because of the sacrifices that y'all made over the last couple of months. and then finally, wanted to recognize our early college high schools. i do not know if y'all saw the us news and world report uh, list of top 100 public high schools in the city. just got

published. our early college high schools are very well represented in that list, including challenge early college high school, which is ranked number three in the city, uh, beating out hspva um, for that spot, which they normally hold. so, just an incredible accomplishment and just another testament to the fact that hcc is an amazing institution. hisd and our

other isd partners are amazing institutions, but like peanut butter and jelly, they are better together. so uh just expect to see so much more uh of that this kind of recognition and outstanding student outcomes for those institutions and congratulations to them for that that recognition. good evening everyone. so madame chancellor, thank you so much for the community

partnership meeting. again, in district 2, we had the community partnership meeting and the community came out and was able to learn a lot of information um that some said they were not aware of. i like to thank dr. betty fortune and her team, her amazing team. i have had the opportunity to work with them and helping me

to expand the vas program to the north forest campus and the acres home campus. students have already started to enroll. i have been sharing that information so much as i have, you know, started to reach out more and more to individuals in the community. everyone is truly excited about that. i have had an opportunity to work with

the principal at wheatley high school as well as forest brook um in cashmere and they have shared their enthusiasm and excitement about the dual credit program and i know that dual credit numbers are up at wheatley high school. and then lastly, i have just been out continuing to share all the wonderful information um in regards to district

2. as you can tell, my voice may be a little bit different, but that is because i have been talking a lot more than what i am probably accustomed to. but all of it is great information, and as i always like to say, you know, we are getting it right and we are moving forward at houston city

college. and again, it is a pleasure and a privilege to work alongside my colleagues. and thank you so much. trusty wilson. uh, madam chair, i will seed my time to the trustee to my right because i am sure she can use it. i just realized it was that is why we are friends. um, i want to say

thank you to to uh, president herod and and uh, vice president bmer. it is a very very much a challenge when you are enrolling and increasing enrollment for south campus. we have worked hard from 2018 to get that enrollment above a thousand students. so i want to say thank you because we had 11 health wellness and backpack

drives in district 9 region from july 19th to now and we we show we fared very well. we have a major event coming up in september 6th and it is because of uh team central that those things take place. i want to thank um my other president dr. mike webster because the southwest side of of my district

is very much different from the east side of my district. he has to deal with a number of international organizations and he has fared very very well in terms of us reestablishing us with early college high schools and dual credit because those areas really did need that solid footing for dual credit and early college high school. so

i want to thank you for that. i also want to say that it has been an honor to work with both of these presidents because they have done extraordinary work with their teams. i want to say that both uh colleges have an extraordinary presence in social media and that presence has brought us a number of new students

and i want to thank the chancellor for uh for her presentation and she also had a chance to see that my seniors came out on the 13th and the 14th. um we have enrolled new seniors in the 55 plus program. they are very excited and i am thankful that they are there. um, and i want to also

add that with my colleague to the left, he is always ready to increase enrollment and presence of houston city college in katie because i had one of his constituents to call and ask me for help. and so it was a blessing to send that constituent back to get the answers that they needed. um, so i will say

to my my board that the rotary clubs are expecting us to speak. i had the opportunity to speak at belair rotary and they are expecting to see us to tell them about houston city college. so i would encourage you all to take a moment and visit with the rotary club so that you can speak because they are

looking forward to hearing what we have to say. thank you. uh i also had the opportunity to attend uh the partnership meetings and uh did the online and i also uh was at the east side uh the two that were in the east side and then uh so it was great opportunity to meet the community and for

them to come out and express their their wants and how they want to continue helping us. also, i um want to congratulate the uh dr. glover because uh they had a program, a robotics program that was very well attended and there was students that came from all across the city and it was amazing that i know of

a family that came all the way from fulsure and just to attend those robotic classes that they had for the week. so um uh it is always a great opportunity to see the enthusiasm of the children and the parents. i call them children because you know i i work with the kids in the elementary but to me

they are always kids and no matter how old they get. and also um i want to thank uh the different faculty members and presidents that i called during the summer to help some of the students that that wanted to come to college and uh and also to our foundation for helping them. and uh i checked on them

yesterday to make sure that they showed up and so i said we used a lot of time and energy to work on you guys so y'all better show up and get those grades going. so, and all we ask of them is get that degree and, you know, and just finish the schooling and get in there. i know

it is very difficult for students to make that decision. and, uh, some of them were saying they were scared just to show up and go that first day. they are scared. and so, thank you to all of you because you are the ones that that accept them and you are this the bright faces that that get them

in the door. and so, thank you to all faculty, staff, and the presidents as well and the chancellor. thank you for all that you do. and to the board members because they were out in the community. and so, uh, we know that that, um, we are here, but we we are also out there and even if we

do not, you know, go to a certain meeting, they know us, so they look for us. so, thank you. thank you for being there ready to help the community. so, thank you. the next item is the board meeting schedules. upcoming meetings. august the 22nd, friday, is a special meeting, a board retreat at 9:00 a.m. here at h

at hcc. september the 3rd is our committee meetings. uh september the 3rd, we also have a committee of the whole meeting. so our committee meetings will start around 1:30 and beyond. and our committee of the whole meetings at 4 september the 17 we have a special meeting at 3:30 p.m. on september the 17 we also have our

regular meeting at 4 p.m. and the meetings are held here at the hcc administration building 3100 main street and will be posted according to the open meeting act requirements. this concludes the chairman's report. we will now hear from dr. ford fischer with the chancellor's report. thank you so very very much madame chair members of the board and

i would like to join in with the thanks to dr. and mrs. herod also for the donation the very generous donation to our hc foundation endowment for student scholarships. quite a contribution and thank you so very very much. i'd like to begin the the slide presentation as well because i'd like to say welcome back to the 54th

fall semester at houston city college. it is wonderful to see our campuses come alive with energy, excitement, and purpose. and that is certainly what is happening on all of the campuses. it truly takes all of us working together to make hc the incredible place that it is. and i am looking forward to another great academic year. i

must say that yesterday at the greater houston partnership quarterly meeting, houston city college was recognized for leading a $15 million bloomberg philanthropic grant application to expand construction trades apprenticeships through a coalition of h of isds, nonprofits, colleges, and businesses. and that was really pretty notable and quite exceptional because the president of the organization who was also working

with bloomberg was there and also recognized hcc. so once again, thank you all so very very much for the great work that you are doing, dr. webster, dr. christina robinson, and members of the team. so please join me also in extending a warm welcome to dr. lisa elcorta, the newly appointed vice chancellor of student services. dr. elcorta

brings more than 25 years of distinguished leadership in higher education, student affairs, and institutional transformation. we are excited to have her join houston city college. thank you so very, very much. would also like to acknowledge dr. nicole montgomery on her appointment as general counsel. dr. montgomery is a seasoned legal practitioner with over 23 years of extensive experience

as an assistant city attorney for the city of houston, senior legal counsel for metro, board member for the state bar of texas, and all of the great work that she is done here during the interim period. both of the searches were external searches. so, please join me in congratulating dr. i'd like to now move to the hcc

annual enrollment comparison for academic year 2024 versus 2025. so, summer enrollment comparisons, you will see the end august the 31st with quarter 4. so in this slide, we compare hc's current enrollment to the end of terterm enrollment last year. and i am pleased to report total summer enrollment is up 16%. credit enrollment is up 14% and continuing

education enrollment is up so, the hcc total enrollment comparison for fall 2024 versus fall 2025. as you will note that this past academic year, hcc's enrollment grew by 8%. that includes a 6.4% increase in credit enrollment and an impressive 11.5% jump in continuing education. now, as we move to the next slide, hc total enrollment comparison, fall 2024

versus fall 2025. finally, as of the first day of classes, fallman enrollment is up by 18.2% with similar gains in both credit and continuing education careers. and i'd like to thank the faculty and staff who have worked tirelessly in the service of our students and communities. and the fact of the matter is that enrollment is now up

at all of our colleges. so, thank you so very much for the great work that you are doing. thank you. i would like to highlight coochie's 2025 change makers by the renowned luxury fashion brand. houston city college interior design student clarissa reyes has been named one of gucci's 2025 change makers. miss reyes was selected from thousands across

north america and has received a $20,000 scholarship. gucci's change makers program offers mentorship and support to students with bold creative ideas in fashion, design, and the arts. miss reyes is currently enrolled in hcc's interior design program at central college. we are very proud of her and we have invited her to be a part of our next official

board meeting where she can be recognized by all of us and to receive all of the congratulatory comments from our board of trustees as well. congratulations to so, the united student council is in the process of electing new officers for the new academic year. the united student council report will resume in september. so, at this time, i

would like to invite dr. nicole boute honoloma, outgoing faculty senate president to the podium to present the faculty senate report. dr. the boute hyaloma. thank you. excuse me. allergies. good afternoon, madam chair, madame chancellor, trustees, colleagues, and guest. in august of 2024, i stood before you as an idealist, ready to make my mark as a new faculty

senate president. i was excited to begin my term and work with the newly elected 88 senators to continue the good work of past senates on behalf of all faculty here at hcc. while idealistic, i was also a realist and i set five main goals for to guide my work throughout the year. one, to serve as a liaison

to administration, bringing forward faculty concerns and advocating for the resources needed to support teaching and learning. two, to deepen faculty engagement and foster a stronger sense of community. three, to strengthen collaboration among faculty, staff, and students, enhancing a sense of belonging across all of our colleges. four, to encourage faculty involvement into internal uh committees and events as

well as civic and community based initiatives beyond our institution. and five, to be a bridge, fostering greater collegiality across disciplines, and ensuring the voices of our workforce faculty were heard, respected, and included in decision-m thanks to the support of my colleagues, administrators, and leaders across this institution, i am proud to say that these goals were not only

pursued, but achieved. a few key accomplishments of faculty senate this year include the creation of the faculty success standing committee now a part of our permanent structure. the launch of the full-time faculty emergency fund offering direct assistance during critical moments. over $12,000 distributed through the jp alper fund for faculty needs. the betch orman faculty auction raised over

$15,000 enough to fund nearly every request that came through this last academic year. our faculty conference drew over 250 participants with strong representation from across the district. we had increased workforce faculty engagement ensuring more inclusive participation and governance. and finally, the revision of faculty senate structure and bylaws to ensure compliance with sb37, a major milestone that require

collaboration, reflection, and resolve. i would also be remiss if i did not highlight some outstanding accomplishments from our faculty at large. this marks the fourth consecutive year of rising course success rates with a nearly 2% increase. and for the third consecutive year, persistence rates have improved by 2%. a powerful sign of our collective impact on student success.

serving as faculty senate president has been a lifechanging experience. i am incredibly grateful to the faculty who trusted me with this responsibility. your voice, your vision, and your values grounded every decision i made. to dr. perez and dr. ford fischer, thank you for your transparency, your responsiveness, and your shared commitment to collaboration. to the board, thank you

for your hard work and unwavering dedication to the faculty, students, staff, and administration here at hcc. to my executive cabinet, nathan, stacy, deborah, sophie, mia, and donald, thank you for your counsel, encouragement, and steady leadership. to my family, and my mom is here. thank you for your grace, your love, and your support, especially when this world required

time away from home in each of you. as i step into my new role as director of faculty innovation for student success, i remain committed to advocating and advancing the work that uplifts our faculty and empowers our students. we are hcc. we are a community of learners, leaders, and change makers. once the new president is officially appointed,

they will make the presentation at the september senate meeting. but for now, i step away with pride as the last faculty senate president of houston community college. i cannot wait to see what the first faculty senate president of houston city college accomplishes. thank you for the honor of serving. [applause] so uh dr. boute haloma, we do appreciate

you as well for your strong leadership and your support, the collaboration that you brought to every single meeting that we held. i thank you so very very much and it would be certainly an honor for us to have a photo with you and your mother here in front of the deas. if you do not mind would your

mother please come forward as well please. thank you. [applause] thank you so very very [laughter] [music] thank you so very very much. now, at this time, i would like to invite miss morgan yad, staff senate president, to the podium to present the staff senate report. miss yad. good evening, madame chancellor, madame chair, and trustees. the staff senate

has been very active this summer. we held our second annual staff conference on june 28th at the west houston institute, and we had over 200 attendees, guest speakers, hcc leaders, volunteers, and department representatives attend our conference. and we are grateful to all the hcc staff and volunteers that made this day possible. the inaugural staff senators elected for

the 2023 2025 session will end their term on august 31st and we appreciate their dedication and many contributions made in supporting our hcc staff. this inaugural group is responsible for codifying the hcc staff senate constitution and bylaws, hosting monthly general body meetings, establishing an annual professional development opportunities for our staff, hosting a staff town hall, um created

a campus safety awareness committee to address staff concerns around campus safety. invited our talent engagement team to speak about eap services to address staff concerns about mental health resources. this group also created and maintained a my hcc internet page to update our staff about the happenings with the hcc staff senate and advocated for pay increase for our

staff. um, this group provided support for our fall and spring graduation ceremonies and created a monthly staff recognition award. this group also created a fundraising opportunity to support staff welfare. and this group created hcc history. if there are any 2023 2025 staff senators, could you please stand to be recognized? thank you. we want to thank you for

your service and thank you for showing up for our staff, our students, and our faculty. also, this summer, we elected uh new staff senators. we completed our election process with 34 staff senators that agreed to serve for the 2025 2027 term. and together, this group will continue to advocate for staff interests, collaborate with our hcc governance bodies,

and promote staff involvement in institutional decisionmaking. and if there are any of our new 2025 2027 staff senators, please stand so that you can be recognized. we are excited to continue the energy of standing up for our staff and making sure that we are listening to their needs and collaborating with our leadership here at hcc. also, over

the summer, um, we were able to recognize two employees that won the employee of the month wings achievement award. and this award is to highlight exceptional employees. the recipients for june and july employee of the month awards are mr. christian nordy, a university transfer specialist from west loop campus, and miss renee alexander was the july recipient, and

she is the new executive assistant for the office of general counsel. and they are here today, and i'd like to ask them to stand to be recognized. thank you both for your exceptional work. um, our staff, our students, and our faculty appreciate you. to our leadership, we want to thank you for your continued support of the staff

senate. uh, we look forward to continued collaboration this new school year and we look forward to continuing to work with you all. this concludes my report and thank you. thank you very much, miss yette, for your report. and once again, if you do not mind, for the two awardees to please come forward. we do not want to

miss out on this opportunity to also acknowledge them and the work that all of you are doing. and then we will close out the chancellor's report with one short video. please come forward for the photo with our board. congratulations. mhm. please come. great. thank you. thank you so very much. thank you. thank you so much for all

of the great work that you do. and now of course the excitement and the enthusiasm continue about our lvn today adn program. and at this time i would like to invite dr. lutricia harrison, president of coleman college health sciences to come to the podium to provide an exciting update on the status of the professional nurse associate degree

program at houston city college. dr. harrison. thank you dr. port fischer, board chair, madam chair, trustees. i could not stand here today and celebrate this moment without thanking my dynamic team, my dean of nursing, dr. nicole townsen, and her dynamic team members and my vice president, muhammad talas. so, if we can, can we please celebrate them for

a moment because they have worked so hard. let me reintroduce to you and everyone our dynamic lvn to adn transition program with a short video. hcc coleman college has launched a fasttrack solution to meet the growing nursing shortage, a new lvn to adn program starting fall of 2025. officially approved by texas board of nursing on july 17th,

2025. i am uh thoroughly blown away with what you have accomplished at least in the restructuring uh within the past year. um and you leave me now with a feeling that you know this will be successful. i do not think i have ever read uh a proposal that covers uh everything to include what you are doing for

your students in their first years which can be vitally important. so i just hands down i want to say uh congratulations. you know you all are just extremely impressive and i wish you the best. this full-time three semester program prepares lvns to become registered nurses with scholarships available for the first 40 students. students can earn their associates

degree in nursing and become eligible to take the rn lensure exam. thanks to generous scholarships, tuition and program costs are covered for the inaugural cohort. this program is a gamecher for htc in the community because it allows for upward mobility. it helps to meet the urgent needs of health care while allowing our students to work while they

are in school. so, it gives our students an opportunity to move to the next level in their professional choices. our lvn toad adm program, it is more than a pathway. it is a promise to our community. we uplift dedicated lvns and help them to grow into safe, competent, and confident rns who reflect the communities they serve and

provide skilled, compassionate care where it is needed the most. this program has changed everything for me. i worked hard as a lvn. now i am on the path of becoming an rn. i feel supported and i am ready and it is paid for. [music] just a highlight that we have completed with our teachout students 75 graduates with

a 87% board pass rate. we just pinned the final student on last week. so, he is getting ready to take his board examination again. we received board approval on july 17th. we started class on monday. thank you for your support. thank you, dr. ford fisher, board of trustees. and we are back. we have nursing. [applause] congratulations to

dr. harrison and to her entire outstanding team. uh dr. perez was present as well. and of course, i was in austin for the tac meeting, madam chair, members of the board. and that evening because of the great news we all felt it very very important that we convene and have a nice dinner together which we did to

celebrate such a remarkable success and in watching the video it was really clear that the board of nurse examiners members were very impressed also with the work that has been done. so again congratulations and thank you so very very much. and with that madame chair that concludes my report. thank you. thank you so much, trusty wilson. i'd

like to thank everybody that is worked on this this program that uh as you know, it is real it is been real important to me. and i uh all of this takes a lot of work and takes a team. and i feel in the room and i see that happening now and it hasn't in the past. and

uh i'd like to thank the chancellor for her leadership and i'd like to thank uh our our current chair for her leadership and those numbers increasing enrollment uh make me feel encouraged, invigorated and uh positive about the future. but i'd also would be remiss in not thanking the u previous board chair for the preliminary work that she

did the last couple of years to build a foundation to make all this happen. this just did not happen today at this board meeting. it happened over years with a lot of hard work. and u i thank you uh trustee laredo and trustee linton gary. thank you all. [music] it actually took a whole village. [applause] the chair

has insisted i add some comments. so, i i will just say, you know, it i intentionally did not mention it during the district report because i thought it was befitting that you presented it. um, it is a culmination. chancellor, you might recall i had a meeting with you in december of 2023. uh this is before i have

been sworn into this board and i indicated something i'd become aware of and so it is a year and a half or more uh in the making. you know, it was not a fun position to find this institution in a position where uh one of his flagship programs uh had, you know, summarily been taken away and but

it was something that we needed to confront head on. it was important that we did not seek to obfuscate the fact. and chancellor, i want to thank you for uh rallying the team and being able to come up with a succinct message. hey, this happened. we un we own it. we have a plan. we are going to

get this back and we started that process early in 2024. he brought dr. harrison on and so the story goes. so, there was a lot that this took. i want to, you know, thank the entirety of the team. uh i know what it is taken. and it it it is not a fun i i will admit it

was not a fun position to be in to to to learn of that and i know had several conversations. trusty wilson was very interested in the matter. so i mean i could not be more proud of where we are and i think the promise that it holds. you know we made this promise. we have kept this promise

and so now it is our opportunity to deliver on the promise for those future students and for those students who stuck it through. we had to teach students through uh the program despite u this accreditation being stripped away. so, it is been a long journey, but glad we are here. chairs, congrats to everyone. the next item is

hearing of citizens. a citizen desiring to appear before the board of trustees shall complete the application for hearing 24 hours prior to the meeting and file said application with the board services office. time allotted to each citizen or organization shall be limited to four minute four minutes. the board may stop any speaker who makes complaints against a

specific trustee or employee or comments about the appointment, employment, evaluation, reassignment, duties, discipline or dismissal of a specific employee and may require the speaker to resume his or her comments in close session as permitted under the personnel exception of the open meetings act. the following persons are signed up to appear before the board. cynthia bailey, ivy spivey.

are you present? cynthia bailey. okay, the next one is ivy. come forward. welcome. thank you. good evening. my name is ivy spivey. i am here to uh we are concerned about our community. uh it have been brought to our attention in our community that renee jefferson patterson. excuse me. yes. if you wish to comment on a complaint

against a specific employee or officer, we can adjourn to a close session to hear the rest of your comments as required under section 551.074 of the texas open meetings act. miss pavey, essentially you cannot um reference anyone's name directly, okay, in your remarks. okay. so, no identifying information can be part of your remarks. okay. where any possible

way i can go to the back and discuss what we are concerned about. if you would prefer to i prefer that because someone put me up here but they did not tell me about do not call no names and i agree with that also. okay. so i would like you to take the opportunity to let me talk

in the back. okay. so do i go to the back now or i would second. we appreciate concerns raised during the hearing of citizens portion of the meeting. if the matters you raised are not included on the board agenda state law, specifically this texas open meetings act uh prohibits the board from discussing or acting on this issue

at the board meeting. the comments provided will be taken into consideration. [applause] some more formalities. you we will get there in a second. okay. take your time. thank you. the board will now adjourn to a closed or executive session under the texas government code section 551.071. 071 551.072 [music] 551.074 and or 551.076 of the open meetings act

as stated in the notice of this meeting. should any final action vote or decision be required in the opinion of the board or any matter considered in close session, such a final action vote or decision shall be taken up in the open meeting or subsequent public meeting of the board upon notice thereof. the meeting is hereby adjourned

to executive session at 5:07 p.m. the open portion of this meeting of board of trustees at houston city college system is now reconvened at now we are at approval of consent agenda. are there any items to be pulled from the consent agenda to be set aside for not then we are ready to is there a motion to

approve the consent agenda? so moved. second. it is been approved and second. we are now ready to vote on the consent agenda. voting is now open. board members, please cast trusty reich, uh, if you could verbally give me. yes. uh it is yes for me receipt. doc dr. vandal stalwart received. voting has concluded. the motion pass with

a vote of 8 to zero. thank you. and we'd also like to uh thank all those that donated items to the houston city college. thank you. [applause] madam chair, may i take a make a point of privilege? um in this consent agenda was the establishment of the faculty senate and i just wanted to thank my colleagues for

pushing that forward. it is really important that we had this collaboration. i am incredibly proud of how this went forward and have been seeing in the media positive news reports about how you know h you know hcc in particular has this relationship with our uh faculty and so i just want to thank you for that and i

think there is going to be a resolution later on about that as well. thank you. you at this time, we are going to be going into topics for discussion andor action. is there a motion to approve item a, unemployment insurance claim management employment verification project number rfp 2536? so move second. it has been moved and second. dr.

ford fischer will now introduce the item. thank you, madam chair, members of the board. this item is presented as a recommendation for your consideration to authorize the chancellor to execute a contract with equifax incorporated to provide unemployment insurance claims management and employment verification in support of the talent engagement department and in accordance with rfp25-36 and with your

permission madam chair mr. rottney nathan interim chro and vice chancellor will provide an overview and answer all questions mr. nathan. thank you, chancellor trustees. um, as the chancellor indicated, uh, you have for your, uh, consideration a contract, uh, this is over 5 years, not to exceed 118, um,875, um, with, uh, equifax. um, they provide, uh, unemployment insurance

claims support to us as well as, uh, verification of employment uh, of our employees. um we had uh they have been our vendor uh for past several years and the contract that they were on ended through the procurement process. um a request for quotes went out. um there were several folks came back and in the procurement process

this was the winner who came forward and so we have this here and i am happy to answer any questions that you might have. thank you board members. any questions? okay. is this the same equifax that is involved in fico reporting? yes. and did you say they could get us 875 fico scores as part of this? trustee,

i will ask them if they can specifically do that for you. voting is now open. board members, please cast your vote. voting has concluded. the motion passed unanimously with a vote of nine to zero. thank you. you is there a motion to approve item b, enterprise solution for institutional assessment strategic planning and accredititation project number rfp 2526.

so moved. second. thank you. it has been moved and second. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you, madam chair, members of the board. this item is a recommendation for your consideration to authorize the chancellor to execute a contract with sp to provide an enterprise solution for institutional assessment, strategic planning, and accredititation in support of the

planning and institutional effectiveness department. and in accordance with rfp 25-26, with your permission, madame chair, dr. miguel ramos will discuss the proposal as vice chancellor of instruction. dr. ramos. thank you. good evening, chair, madam chancellor and trustees. so sp is an institutional effectiveness platform that helps colleges and universities streamline assessment and accreditation processes. it enables us to

align st academic outcomes with accreditation standards, centralize documentation and drive data informed decisionm across the institution. this purchase which went through an rfp will replace two existing software packages at a substantial cost savings. implementation of this platform will support both institutional sac coc accreditation and third party accreditations. so at this time i will take any questions about

its purpose and utility. trust. yes. yes sir. trust she. hi. uh so you mentioned a substantial cost savings. what what do you mean by that? like how much are you talking over time? the current annual cost for the platform it is replacing or would replace if approved is about 99k. the cost of this platform on a yearly

basis is around 31k. okay, that makes substantial. yes. um so second question um you know we have a lot of software implementations that are in flight in particular the website right and fingers crossed the associated app that i heard dr. adil mention very favorably at the westloop town hall. so hopefully that'll happen after years of dr. vender

stalworth uh reminding us how important that would be. uh just want to make sure that this implementation does not use the same resources or put the timelines of the website, the app or any of the other critical software implementations at risk. it should not. there is actually uh a substantial amount of supplementary support from the platform itself.

so essentially what it does is it provides an access point for us to utilize the functionality. so it is a it is an a cloud-based system. and so the way it is used, we enter data into the system and it helps us to document and accumulate data. okay. thank you. there is no further questions and ready to

take a vote. oh, excuse me. that is right. yes, we discussed that. absolutely. houston city college. absolutely. we are going to be changing it slow. thank you. we are ready to go. voting has concluded. the motion passed unanimously. a vote of nine to zero. thank you. is there a motion to approve item c, audio video production rental

service project number 2524? so move second. it has been moved and second. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you very much, madam chair, members of the board. this item is a recommendation to the board for your consideration to authorize the chancellor to execute a contract with password production to provide audiovisisual production rail services in accordance

with rfp 25-24 and with your permission madam chair i invite dr. rema adil interim vice chancellor for student s for interim vice chancellor for strategic communications and marketing as well as dr. sherry han to please come to the podium. good afternoon. good evening everyone. so, password productions is uh is a renewal contract, not a new vendor. uh

this vendor is certified small business enterprise with the city of houston and will self perform all the work under this rfp. no, no inter internships were involved here. it is one of the standards we use when we evaluate vendors. um, this is a rental services company. the college previously obtained av production services for the state of the

college and fall convocation through informal purchases. as these events occur annually, a formal 5-year contract is needed to ensure consistent quality, improve planning, and secure a trusted vendor. this approach also ensures compliance with procurement requirements. it is again, it is a two-year contract and per year. madam chair, can you explain this internship requirement? well, it is what

it is something that i i kind of make sure that we ask every vendor just to see if there is an opportunity to get students involved in an internship with their company. it is just a standard question we ask. we look for internship opportunities for our students as part of procurement and they get a bump if they

give us an internship. they do not get anything. it is just something that we look for as a benefit for the students. but it is something we consider when we make a decision. um i do not know. i think we just make sure we raise the issue just to see if that is a possibility. okay. i just

want to make sure legal looks at this. i have a huge issue with somebody giving us something in exchange for a contract. and and i i i that know i know what we are doing, but i have a huge concern about that. okay. thank you. any other questions? other trustes questions. trusty she um is this contract is

it a not to exceed like a lot of the other longerterm contracts that we have or is this a lump sum by year? and i ask because normally i am trying to refer more work to the ai department, but in this case we also have an amazing audiovisisual department through hcctv. and if we find ourselves in a

position where we would trust our internal department to do some of this work. just wanted to make sure that we were not locked into using an outside vendor if we ever see that as an opportunity. i am not certain. i can check that for you. okay. thanks. well, i i i would like to respond, madam chair. that

is one of the questions that we asked members of our team and they indicated that they simply do not have the additional trained talent that are part of the personnel in hctv to be able to manage all of the production that would be required. so, but that was of concern because when we looked at the dollar amount,

we said that it is conceivable that what we are paying that we would be able to hire staff who would be on board with us to be able to deliver these services. yes. you are welcome. if there is no further questions and we are ready to vote on item c, audio video production rental service. the voting has

concluded. the motion passed with a vote of nine to zero. thank you so much. is there a motion to approve item d, parking lot lighting replacement and lot renovation, stafford campus project number ifb 2532. so move second. has been moved and second. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you again, madam chair, members of the board.

this item is a recommendation for your consideration to authorize the chancellor to execute a contract with mcdonald municipal and industrial, a division of cf mcdonald electric incorporated, the lowest responsible bidder meeting specifications to provide parking lot lighting replacements and lot renovations stafford campus in accordance with ifb 25 through 32. and with your permission, madam chair, mr. robert

mccracken, vice chancellor will present the item and answer any questions. thank you. uh good evening. this is um for the parking lot replacement of the lighting and resurfacing of the parking lot at stafford campus. this is the lot that sits between the learning hub and the workforce building and it is for 392,969 that includes a contingency amount

in there. so the actual amount may be less. they um this was an infb um procurement which means that it is awarded solely based on price. the uh they are subcontracting a portion of it to a small business uh for 11% of the total will go to a small business be happy to answer any questions and none

then we will now vote on item d parking lot lighting replacement and lot voting has concluded. the motion passed unanimously with a vote of 9 to zero. thank you. is there a motion to approve item e, professional environmental consulting services project number rfq 25-34? so moved. second. has move been moved and second. dr. ford fischer will introduce

the item. thank you, madam chair, members of the board. this item is a recommendation for your consideration to authorize the chancellor to execute a contract with separation system consultants incorporated to provide professional environmental consulting services in support of project number rfq25-34 of facilities environmental health and safety department and with your permission once again mr. mccracken will present

an overview and answer question. thank you. uh this is for separation systems consultant. they do our environmental consulting. so anytime we have an air quality concern, if there is a concern about asbestous maint containing material, if we have to do a mold assessment, they are able to come in and do that work. they also help us maintain

um all of the licenses in terms of all the permittings that we have. so if we have permits that to have inspections on to help us make sure that we are keeping all of those things inspected. this amount is a not to exceed. it is a fee for service. we expect to actually can spend considerably less than

that. uh the challenge with this contract is that when we have major incidents where we have major water intrusion, we end up having to do a lot of it and so this gives us a little bit of flexibility over in terms of the overall amount. um but our prior year spend was under $100,000. we have added some

services to this but we expect it to um come out of the facilities budget. proceeds any questions? yeah. mr. mccracken, is this firm the incumbent firm? it is not. okay. is this a serve since it is a professional service and i have had these conversations in the past. these are qualifications based solicitations. so, could we in theory

have more than one provider? we could do this a couple of different ways. u the decision was made to do this as a contract and bring it before the board. this could have also been broken into smaller contracts under the chancellor's signature authority. um, this particular vendor is a small business and they are subbing out 25% of

the work to two additional small businesses. um, so we are kind of exceeding the small business goal, but to your point, this is one of those items that we could have managed without bringing it to the board through some of the the other um i i do not know if that was the point i was trying to

make, but i understand uh your sentiment. i i just you have answered the question though. thanks. thank you. if there is no further questions and we are ready to vote on item e, professional environmental voting has concluded. the motion passed with a vote of nine to zero. is there thank you. a motion to approve item f, increase

in spending authority facilities maintenance services project number rfp 19 to 56. so move second. been moved and seconded. dr. ford fisher will now introduce the item. thank you, madam chair, members of the board. this item is a recommendation for the board's consideration to authorize the chancellor to approve an increase in spending authority for the contract with tdi

industries incorporated to continue providing facilities maintenance services in accordance with rfp 19-56. and with your permission, madame chair, vice chancellor mccracken will provide an overview and respond to questions. thank you. um, so 5 years ago, the board approved a 10-year contract which included a 5-year base term plus five one-year options. at the tail end of that, the

uh term that was approved had a flat rate in the board approval item for all 10 years. the actual pricing proposal submitted by the contractor um had a flat rate for the first five years, followed by a series of 1% increases over the following five option years. um, and what we are asking for is that increase, which

would amount to 919,000 over the course of the next 5 years. and what you see is that price is increasing by 1% a year each of the next 5 years. i'd be happy to answer any questions. this is the firm that provides all of your mechanical, electrical, plumbing services throughout the system. does it also um include uh

like custodial? no, that is a separate contract for for custodial, but it includes your fire. you are basically behind the scenes equipment that you do not see. um, is this firm? trustees, any questions? i have a question. um, most contracts that we review here five years. what is so special about this one? i was not involved in

this when it was done 5 years ago. um, but one of the challenges when you are changing major providers, they also operate or building automation systems. um, and they have to be familiar with all of our equipment. so, there is a considerable transition cost when you transition to a new provider as you kind of do that learning

curve to get up to speed. i assume that that is the a portion of why we ask for the longer term, but with the one-year options so that if they were underperforming or not performing up to standard that we do not have to continue. how are you analyzing or evaluating if they are performing up to standard or

not? especially in the context of cost competition, if they have had this for five years and so in year six, how do we gauge that? uh so on the cost side, i i think that there are very few services that we could get where we did not have a price increase for 5 years and then we are

only going up by 1%. in the original proposal, their cost was significantly lower than the other biders. uh when we went back and looked at that, in terms of performance, i i would point to the fact that we are doing close to 70,000 uh work orders each year. um that we have relatively few unplanned outages due to

major systems despite kind of a backlog of deferred maintenance. um and that they are helping us prioritize that deferred maintenance so that we are getting the most bang for the buck when we are spending money. you would offer that it is a general consensus amongst your facilities maintenance team that this firm is performing up to as far

as i know. yes. there may be any given day there may be a particular issue with you know item but overall yes. okay. i think it is just important for us and this is an unusual kind of arrangement relative to everything else that we typically consider. till perhaps before this time. i mean, this is august next year,

so maybe by next spring we can at least get some update about how this contract is performing just so you know, we we we continue to have a good sense of what is going on. it is a it is a long contract to have the same sort of company at the till. um, but notwithstanding what happened in

2019, i i recognize that prices have grown since then, but i just think it is important that we we at least have a good sense of how we are doing relative. we we can certainly do that and i think um we we can also try to address it when we do deferred maintenance presentations as well. i think

there is some places that it fits in pretty cleanly. thank you. no further questions. then we now vote on item f increase in spending authority facilities maintenance services. voting has concluded. the motion passed with a vote of nine to zero. thank you. is there a motion to approve item g, increase in spending authority security guard services project

number rfp 24- 28. so moved. second. has been moved and second. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you very much, madam chair, members of the board. this item is recommended for board's consideration to approve an increase in spending authority of $500,000 annually for the contract with citywide protection unit to provide security guard services in accordance

with rfp 24-3828, pardon me, rfp 24-28 for the district administration building and parking garage. and with your permission, madame chair, mr. mccracken will provide an overview and answer questions. thank you. um this item is actually to to correct a mistake and what we brought to the board um a while back almost a year ago. um in the

original contract it did they used the prior year spend as the amount asked for as opposed to using the staffing pattern that was requested and the salaries that were bid. um, and when we look at th those salaries, which are are higher than what they were under the previous contract, we have also increased the number of posts

that are being covered by increasing coverage on a couple of the floors that we now occupy that were previously occupied by tenants, as well as increasing 24/7 coverage in the parking garage area. um, that increases the total amount um that is required to maintain the current level of services. be happy to answer any questions. is any questions?

i think some clarification might be helpful. if i am understanding the item, there was a 20% increase in salaries and roughly a 35% increase in the number of posts that were covered. salaries go up 20% and then the coverage expands by 35%. which takes you from roughly 500 to roughly 900. um, and this leaves a little bit

of room in there. the the 500 was also prior year. so that was 2023, not 2020. it was the prior year. 23 24 not 2425. simple math. 500,000 20% is 600,000. 35% of that is roughly 215,000. so if you add that, so we are at 815. 850. you may be correct on the math. we we took the

staffing pattern and did the math out. yeah, it is i guess a math thing because from 500,000 if you increase that to 600,000 as your baseline 35% of 600,000 is exactly 210,000 and you add that to 600,000 that is 810,000. this is going from 500 to 100 uh to to a million dollars. so that is about a

delta of let us even say roughly 150 that is not accounted for. so i mean it is a pretty big jump and i think it is just worthy of us fully understanding how that is adding up. yeah. and you are right. um the 20% is on the salary for the officer. it does not include the salary which

is a little bit bigger jump on the supervisor that is there. um and to your point it does not come out to exactly a million. it comes out to less than a million. um it was nine something when we did the math out. um and this this is a not to exceed contract again. so it is based

upon the the needs that can go up or down. and i will just ask if we can get an update on this by you know april may of 2026. we can do that. actually see if i may suggest we can do an update on it in january when we do a update on campus security. okay. good. all

right. my question is um this security is just for this building correct here and across the street. yes. right. yes. we compared parking garage and this here. right. and we compared the cost to doing it with our in-house um hiring employees instead to do it. uh effectively we are paying this company the same salary um that we

would be paying our employees but we would have the additional benefit cost on top. so we could hire our own staff to do it um but it would be more expensive roughly 30%. well, because um as we come in and out of this building, i see more of our um police department present than i do security company.

so, you know, uh other than the the front desk, you know, that is the only one where that i see. so, there is also one that is on the uh on the first floor cuz we have an entrance down there. that is correct. we also have them patrolling the parking garage. we also have them on several other

floors um working and we have them also roaming the building. um part of what you see during the board meetings is because we have a public meeting, we rotate coverage a little bit more to this building than normally. normally there is an officer here. um but you do see more because we want to make sure that while

we have public meetings that we kind of increase that coverage. so part of what you are seeing is an increase. um the these officers because they are security guards, not fully commissioned police officers are considerably less expensive than fully commissioned police officers. okay. thank you, trusty. she first want to thank our security contractors for everything they do

to keep us and the public who joins us in here safe. um, also cur i mean a 100% increase in cost is a it is a big increase and putting my project manager hat on starts to get into the question of was it bid and scoped correctly if we are finding after the fact that we have got

to increase this much and we are halfway through. my understanding is we are like halfway through a two-year contract term, right? roughly. yeah, roughly. yeah. so, and i know in here this this $500,000 increase only really covers year two and then we have got the three one-year options to extend. correct. um, so longwinded way of saying i

i hope that or would love to hear your thoughts on given the disconnect between the the bidded price and scope and where we are we find ourselves. is this an opportunity to rebid at the end of year two versus carrying on the one-year contractors just to make sure that you know since the the job has materially changed

feels like an opportunity to to rebid so it can be rescoped and all that. so curious for your thoughts on that. i i think that is um that is certainly an option we can look at and i'd need to discuss particularly with with the police chief in particular. um the other option that that we have already started

to look at is at because this is fee for service, there is opportunity for us or there is some ways that we can maintain the level of security while reducing the number of people it takes to do it. um and we are working on some things along that line. but we hopefully we can get those numbers reduced

um to something closer to what was originally in the scope. and just to be clear, my my concern is more as again having been in a project managerial role where the scope has radically changed just the the position of oversight and all that, you just you never catch up, right? and so it is more expensive. not that

the individual um security guards, and again, thank you all for everything that you do. um i am not questioning that and the service that they bring. it is just there is probably a more efficient way to administer the whole thing which might drive more efficient costs if we were to rebid it. so that is just something to

consider as we get to the end of this contract term and we are looking for the next three years ahead. i i am going to echo trusty chieven's sentiments about that. i mean a 35% increase in coverage when contractors are bidden. you know there is a fixed component of how much service they anticipate manh hours so on

and so forth. there is the fact of economies of scale. so, as quantities increase, that might have a material impact on um on how people bid their pricing. so, i just think it is important we should take a look at that. okay. further questions. then we are ready to vote on item g, increase in spending authority security

guard services. voting has concluded. the motion passed with a vote of eight in favor, one thank you. we will now go to item h, cooperative contract awards to fiscal so moved. second. it is been moved and second. dr. ford fisher will introduce the item. thank you, madam chair, members of the board. this item is recommended for the

board's consideration to authorize the chancellor to negotiate and execute contracts available through government cooperative purchasing programs using various items and services that are approved in the fiscal year 2026 budget. and with your permission, madam chair, mr. m. dr. jerry han, uh cfo will uh provide an overview and answer all questions. dr. han. good evening again everyone. um

happy to answer questions about this this uh topic. we have mapped out with careful work with the end users to determine what we think the appropriate costs are for the various elements. the technology replacement plan 10.9 million for oracle 2.7 telecom 880,000 uh for microsoft 570,000 for instructure which actually we are moving to canvas as a learning

management system over 3.1 million um staffing services uh you will notice this is renamed it was in fy25 uh contract staffing services for it. this is the more appropriate description because it staffing service is not just limited to it and so it is 4.2 million for that. food services 2.6 million roughly and for jocks job order contracts

it is 13 million. uh then two other items promotional items and office supplies and furniture the former 1 million and the latter 1.4 million. and again, this was developed over the last several weeks with multiple meetings with the end user departments to determine what they felt they needed. thank you, any questions? yes, trusty wilson. um, i am

i have always had a problem understanding how these cooperatives work. i understand the the mechanics, but how do the people that get on this list with all these government entities that get their name in the pot uh to kind of have a corner on the market on the some of these products? and i have also always wondered

if at some point in time maybe is it not cheaper if we went and negotiated with oracal and these uh other companies privately if we' have got a better deal. so actually um the companies work with the state to become part of their larger group lists. yeah. like di for example. and then in the case of how

it works internally here, if we find a better deal with another vendor or the same vendor that might be outside of the co-op, we will pursue that because we are looking to save money rather than spend it. so this gives us the freedom to use that vendor under the co-op arrangement if we need to. but i believe

it has benefited by shopping outside of the co-op in particular in certain instances where they felt they could save money and they did. in which case in which case the co-op dollars were not fully expended in that year. so, we are not tied in to committed to buying all of our stuff from all of these vendors in

the co-op. that is right. it is a it is a an option for us, but if we go shop it separately and we do that, you are saying correct. that is good. absolutely right. so, this is just one avenue that they may be cheaper because they have all become a co-op and got the large volume. and the

the benefit here to us is is sort of an efficiency measure instead instead of having to go through the purchasing process from a to z every time. this gives us sort of the high-speed occupancy lane to get that whatever good or service we need more quickly because the arrangement's already made with through the co-op. so, it benefits

us when we want it to, but if we are not we are not married to it, if we do not want to use them. when a vendor sees the co-op price and they see an opportunity to get the business, they are maybe more inclined to lower their price. i cannot speak for them, but i can see that

that is a possibility. yes. okay. gotcha. thank you, trusty vanderville. um, how many student loaner laptops do you get for $125,000? it depends on the vendor. got to have an average. how many for $125,000? i do not know. roughly three or $400 each. i am sorry. we get approximately 400. so 400 laptops and the computer replacement for

5.6 million and change. what is what computer replacement is that? that is for the um the computer labs, the faculty and staff laptops. that is across the district. and so it is based on a four-year plan. and i can get you the numbers of the devices. i do not believe i have that with me today. when you

came to the audit committee and you did a presentation, several of these things were not listed. i am not sure what you are referring to. i am sorry. uh you came, mr. jackson, you came to the audit committee with a presentation some time ago. and in that presentation, you were explaining some of these items, but not all.

we started with the switch upgrades. you have all you have done some switch upgrades if if i am not mistaken. they were done in the last they were done in the last budget. they were done a majority of the switch upgrades were done with um the majority started with the fiscal year 2024 budget. we were given extra

money at the end of the year and then also fiscal year 25. and so all that is left is this to purchase building. we are still installing them across the district. so how many switch upgrades did we make? did we purchase? how many switches did we purchase for upgrade? let me correct that. in total, it will be

around we had 332 to upgrade. there were 47 that were going to be combined into there were smaller switches that were going to be combined into the larger chassis switches. so, that would have knocked us down to 285 i believe is the number. okay. and 285 switches for this year. no, that was total. that was total. so

a million one for the total number of switches for for this year which is just this building and there are typically two switches on every floor and we have 12 floors. we do not we do not have switches on every floor yet, but we are getting there. we do not have six. we do not have eight. we

do not have 10. so, nine floors. when the audit committee requested information on technology, the technology replacement plan, several of these items were not listed. the discussion was limited to the why was that? i think most of the items i think most of the things we talked about were was the switch upgrade which is coming to an

end and then our standard computer replacement which we do that amount that is a much easier one to budget. it is basically do a quarter of them a year and so it is more even across the years and at the meeting the switch upgrades were seemingly more reasonable than a million1 and that is the question i am

asking. so now we have 285 switches that we will be doing in fiscal year 2025. i do not remember that number being 285 switches. that is the total number. i think in 2020 i can get you the numbers for what we purchased in 2025. i think it was somewhere in the range of of a 100 or something

like that. um we had tried to start this project in 2020 and we have we would request from the finance department funds. we would typically get a third of what we requested and of course they never brought it to the board. it was not until 2024 that we started getting the money we needed. and so last year

and this year, we got a majority of what we needed to do the switch upright. so that the total cost for everything tech is at the $15 million that was requested for last year. period. for this year, it is 10.9 million. that million for column one. i am asking for the it requested for 15 million that was

on the budget. i am not understanding. i know last year was 15 something would like to comment. now i think that in order to provide madame trustee with the information that is being requested and the entire board it would be advantageous to get the report because i know you are now speaking from memory and we do want

to be precise and to provide the correct information to the board members when we are responding. so, madame trustee, if it is acceptable to you, is it uh agreeable that we can get this information and then uh schedule a meeting with you to share this information if at all possible? i think my concern is approving it before

i get that information. i understand because the the meeting at the audit committee was very succinct about what would and would not be spent and it was very clear at the time what we would agree to do. this total it package leaves leaves a bit to be desired. so i i would really rather to see this in

detail before we approve the it portion of this corporate cooperative contract award list. i know that we normally say not to exceed, but every year we agree to so many millions and every year we end up spending more millions out of the fund balance and i am not inclined to do that this year. so, can we agree

to not can we agree to remove the it portion of this until the audit committee gets a very clear and defined or clearly definitive um billing and understanding because i am also seeing oracle on here and that was something else that they were looking at from a different perspective. so, i do not have a problem with approving

the remaining corporate the co cooperative contracts, but i have some i have some issues with the it portion of this and i would really like to see that so that the audit committee holds true to what it agreed to do. thank you. uh, trust davies. yeah. clarifying question, dr. horn. i recall you mentioning jock contract as part

of the lineup. i think you said it was 13 million, right? um it is not reflected on the backup sheet that we have. so i just wanted to make sure i i did hear you correctly. um it yeah, but it is part of the fy 2026 cooperative contract award list. it is page two. the la uh it

is page two last item at the bottom. yeah. the last item on the bottom of my page, too, is office supplies and furniture for 1.4 million. okay. was on the board. all right. we can get you this version. no. yeah, it it just did not show up. that is why i was trying to understand um about that.

trusty chief, please. trusty chieman. i just wanted to second uh the sentiment expressed by dr. vandal stalworth, but not just on the it items. i' i'd prefer if we wait on this for about another month. um i would also appreciate seeing the information that goes into these cost estimates. and i think there is two broader points that

have come up um across you know at this dis over the last 11 months or so since the last time we talked about this um a year ago when this was originally last year on the agenda. we pulled the item because there was a lot of consternation i think justifiably on this side of the dis um about

the lack of transparency in the spend over the course of the year. um, we ended up approving it after we had a pretty robust discussion at the board table about the types of updates this board would like to see to feel comfortable with the spend over time. i do not think i saw that over the last 11

months. i think we had one update in the web and i remember that one cuz trusty wilson highlighted that there was a half a million dollar police car. u he'd like to understand what the heck went into that police car to make it half a million dollars. um, and then there was the the audit committee um item

that that trustee vandable stalworth highlighted. um, honestly, i think that is insufficient for this level of spend. and while i am really grateful, dr. han, the anecdote you shared about it looking for lower cost options in the midst of this construct, uh, it still worries me that we were not updated as to that effect because we would

have, you know, already approved this $15 million and we just do not want, you know, slush funds to remain open. i mean, it is good that we are finding lowerc cost options, do not get me wrong, but just, you know, tidying up and closing those loose ends, i think, is pretty critical. another item was something trusty wilson

was highlighting just a couple of months ago with some of our other contracts that there is two types of procurement. one to just enable activity and the other to drive accountability. and i really think i mean i got the sense from this board that we wanted to structure our contracting to drive accountability to overtime lower cost. and

i am worried about proceeding with this when we do not quite know where we are going to uh try to dive for lower costs by looking for for specific procurement opportunities without agreements about what that transparency looks like in particular. so i i would very much be in favor of postponing this. i think making this a question.

um, are there any items on here that if we did wait a month, we would disrupt some critical service where we would need to maybe separate the question and specifically approve those items so that we can have this, you know, much much neededed conversation about what transparency looks like over the next year with the spend. i would

worry about the canvas learning management system. i think they there is probably a time sensitivity there since it is planned for fy26. at least $562,000 of it is i think the others can we can be a little bit more flexible. i do not think a month is going to on the telecommunication spend. we have monthly bills from

at&t and and the other vendors. um and those are basically mostly under multi-year contracts that we have already gotten approved. we have at&t, comcast, consolidated communications, crown castle for dark fiber, lumen for our uh voice sip services, nt for internet, ps lightweight for dark fiber. um we have the um southeast texas gigapot that is not due until

august, so that is not a problem. but we have t-mobile, which is the hotspots for students and faculty. so some of those things are just monthly bills. and without the uh approval then we have trouble paying the september bill. well, i am happy to make the motion, but i do not want to cut off debate. so, still

have one more. um, yes, madam chair. i would also add staffing to that list as well. it appear mr. mccracken got up after i asked the question about the jock. was there something you were going to add about that or provide some context? yeah, with the direction that no, no. i for me it would be important because

it is news to me that we are going through jock as a delivery mechanism. we we have always used jock as a delivery mechanism for um building repairs and and maintenance items. um, a lot of those what you see come through to you as the board are the large ones, right, where we have to um, if it

is over $500,000, those are coming to the boards as standalone contracts. but there are a lot of smaller ones that are uh, patching a drywall, doing small minor repairs, renovations, those types of things. um, and so what i was going to say is that those are all individual contracts, none of which exceed the authority or the $500,000.

so, you typically do not see those and strictly speaking, those do not get tallied up into what shows up on the co-op list. um, so that is why they are not on the but they could be. sure. go ahead, dr. and i will also add uh that procurement they do comp even though the co-ops are not required

to compete them for the jock they do compete those under the jock to be sure they have the best price of all the vendors who are authorized. i have a follow-up question mr. mccracken as far as jock is concerned is there a reason we do not directly create our own pool of jock contractors why is it that

it also goes through this cooperative purchasing mechanism in the past uh i i suppose that we could um this institution i believe has done so in the past not maybe not recent past but in the yes uh you correct but not in the recent past. uh i would say and since maybe tw before 2017 that is an

option for us to do our own jock or to go through the co-op uh to satisfy that procurement requirement. uh both are acceptable legally as well. i guess my question is why is to similar to what my colleagues are expressing it seems like we default to co-op even in the instance of something like jock and i know

it probably precedes your time so it is just what we have always done but in the in this conversation around how we improve transparency and have a better understanding of this it why are not we looking in that direction? uh we we certainly can. um one of the advantages of the co-op is the volume of it is

essentially a price list for a type of service, right? and so if we go under our own, we are just going to have to be very deliberate to think about every type of service that we may possibly need to make sure that we are costing that out in a way so that when we go to make the

purchase, there is already a pre-established price as a ceiling, right? and then typically there is a discount from that price. so they use rs means as kind of your base cost and so it can be done. um we would just need to be very deliberate about making sure that we capture things and ultimately what we would bring

to the board i think in that circumstance is a list that is far greater than what we would actually spend or use in any given year because we would have to include those particular line items in that cost sheet. um but it can be done. sure. and i'd offer this, it it does not have to be an

all or nothing. does not mean that all jock or all co-op. it is saying 13 million is not an insignificant number. and so that is the number we are spending in a year. 5 million of that could plausibly be spent by a subset of jocks for certain trades that we predetermine are more feasible or viable to go

direct uh through our own jock program versus hey for the smaller items that we cannot cost out and do not want to endure that laborious process of procuring every one of those then the co-op might be a mechanism for it. absolutely. okay. thank you, madam chair. yes. [music] um i i know it is not always possible, but

to the extent we can, i would love to see more of these items not hinging on an assumption that we are going to vote yes or else we are going to be in some sort of trouble. because that puts us in an incredibly difficult position uh with regard to our fiduciary duty to the institution. i know it

is not always possible and and i expect that that it will not be but especially for these big technology issues where we know there is been discussions in the past. it puts us in a real bind when we get it. it has to be done or else the institution is going to some suffer some sort of repercussions.

so just, you know, i think this has been kind of a refrain for the past year. if we could have more time to see it, that would be wonderful. i understand that it is not always possible. i understand. i mean, we are dealing with these huge institution and a lot of moving parts, especially in this economy. but

to the extent we can, i would love to see there be less negative repercussions if less of an assumption that we are going to that we are going to approve it or else we are going to be in some sort of trouble as an institution. thank you. oh, it is here. i was just going to make a

comment that okay, we are aware of the fact that you need a little better reporting, more frequent reporting, and slightly different than what you may have been receiving. i think what you may have received over time, at least since i have been here, is the spend on each of the co-op, you know, limits, but you do not

know what the balance is. you just look at that one month or period of time and that is what the spend is. you do not know whether it is over, under or sideways. so, we have now developed a template where we can capture it by monthly. i think the way that was expected of us, but i was

not aware of, so i apologize for that. um, but we are also considering doing it on a quarterly basis if that makes any sense to you and is acceptable to you. we are capturing the information both ways in case you do decide that quarterly is good. we will now provide the whatever the approved list of vendors the

total amount that has been approved and the spend per whatever that period is that you agree is sufficient. so we are planning to do that and we are also attempting to track each of the spends with each of the vendors daily so that for whatever that interim period is 2 months or 3 months in case we overrun

and we did not pay attention quickly enough we do not want to have an overrun situation. and so we are being very very deliberate in planning to look at it daily. we are working that out now, that little process. i also have information on the actual fy spend um as of whenever i pulled it. i think august

18th. so if that information is useful, i'd be happy to share it. changing, you know, the philosophy of purchasing and the whole um the procedures in the purchasing department is incredibly complicated. you know, with the jock company, you can patch a hole in the sheetrock and you only do it once a month. you know, it does not

pay to have somebody on your staff who is a sheetrock hanger and someone who can float and someone who can paint it and having it the balance for when you need to use a jock contractor or when we need to use the cooperative or when we need to go and bid out bigger items and you know depend

upon all of this creates work and sometimes if we decide to do all the work ourselves in house, it is going to balloon the cost, i am afraid. so, you know, it is when you get into this whole discussion we are now having, it is kind of like opening pandora's box and and what we are doing. but

to me, i would like to focus more on procedures on how we do and assign things to is this something we are going to bid out or is this something that is cooperative or is this a jock contract thing? we should give the purchasing department uh with and you know and keep in mind if the more they

do themselves the more personnel they are going to have more people uh um project managing jobs etc etc. so, this is a um a bigger than we think discussion that we are getting into. and you know, most major corporations have a tdi industries out there doing their work. and most corporations, they they use jock contractors who people

have been qualified and are insured, uh, etc., etc. so none of this is unusual that uh houston city college is doing but u it is and and then the role of the board is uh to set policy and i do not want to get into well it would have been cheaper if we'd have had a sheetrock company

come in and fix that wall or have a jock contractor and do it in house. we we as a board do not need to get in that. we need to be setting policy on how we do the procurement and that and leave it up to the purchasing and if we do not like the purchasing department and they

are not doing right and getting us the best, we need to replace them or the chancellor needs to replace them. you know, that is more of the oversight of this board. what i think we should be looking at, but this this is a good discussion to the board. thank you. okay, madam chair, i'd like to make a

motion. um, i move to divide the question with telecommunications year one of the canvas learning management system and a million dollars in uh staffing services as one question for a total of $2.442 million and the balance of the item in the other. and i haven't done the math on the balance. yes. i will second. yeah. okay. so,

it is been moved and seconded. so, and then i can explain what i just asked. did it again. so, sharing. yep. so the the amendment is to divide the question where question number one would include this funding request for telecommunications year one of the canvas learning management system and a million dollars in staffing services funding for a

total uh cost of 2.442 million. and then the second question would be the approval of the balance of the funding that was not just named question on the staff and services. how did is was 1 million just number just the right and the assumption is that we will come back in a month and talk about the second

bucket. um hope so we can have all the information that we need to make i guess my other question follow up is is is there are are there dr. dr. montgomery, you brought up staffing services and i just want to trust the chief. are there any other misgivings about that category or is that like do we just

add that category with the you see how we kind of to tell the communications as one and then could we also just take staffing as a whole category? i am just wondering do we really if if there is misgivings for sure but just that was just a thought but yeah open open to amendments to the so, we

are getting two items. that is the that is the amendment been made and seconded. so then, can i speak to my intent here really quickly? so, so the intent is now that it is separated into two, um, we have taken the items that it is been expressed by staff that there is urgency to approve right now. those

are bucketed into one item that we can approve tonight. the other item we can postpone until next meeting so we have time to receive the information um, and talk about transparency and and how we are going to move forward and we can approve it next month. that is the intent with separating the question. um my recommendation um

madam chair trustees would be to take the full amount of the staffing because we are dealing with staffing personnel and expertise. we typically for those positions offer the full fiscy year appointment. so by authorizing only a portion of it then i would hate to put the college in a situation where critical staffing resources um would be difficult

to keep those individuals. that is my only point. so with that, trust achiever, would you be open to an amendment to the amendment that increases the number from 2.442 million to 5.642 million. by doing that, you taking the full staffing services amount and the telecommunications and fy26 for the canvas learning management system. i i appreciate that amendment.

i will second that amendment. i appreciate you. can modify your original amendment. we cannot make another. we are we haven't voted on this amendment first. so, if you are in agreement, you can modify your original amendment and then we can just confirm that whoever made the second is in agreement with the modification. are you blind? oh, i

was trusty reichard, are you on board since you seconded? oh, yes. okay. uh then, yeah, i am comfortable. sharon, did you get that modification? yep. no, i do not. okay. i can review that. i do have and you can uh plug in while we need to make those adjustments amendment to divide the motion uh to include funding

the funding request for telecommunications staffing services and instructional/canvas learning management system. the only correction post amendment is only the first year of the uh infrastructure canvas learning management system first year and the new total is 5.65 65 million if i have done my math. 5.642. thank you. let the record state that. 5.642. and that is the first

year of the instructional cabinet. and the other two categories. okay. so amendment to divide the uh motion uh to divide the question i am sorry uh to include funding the funding request for telecommunications staffing services and the first year of the instruction/canvas learning management system for 5.642 642 and that was second by trusty reich. so procedurally, if

there is no further discussion on the amendment, we need to vote on the amendment and then we will vote on these make these two separate ready to vote on the amendment. soon sharon is trusty wilson. voting has concluded. the amendment pass with a vote of nine to zero. madam chair, yes. i move that the balance of the

items on agenda items on the cooperative contract list for item h be postponed for consideration at our next regular point of information. um, we are talking about the second motion or question. correct. okay. yes. trusty uh davis, would you repeat that uh be postponed until the next meeting? uh, next regular board meeting. board for consideration then, which

is the 17th, is it? yeah, correct. september 17th. [applause] if if it is permitted. i will not i will not put the date of the next regular meeting in case we may change dates if that is fine. it it can be next regular meeting. okay. so, the motion um motion that the balance of the items on item

h be postponed until the next regular board. and yes, we need a second on it. trusty patterson and trusty venting voting has concluded. the motion passed unanimously with a vote of nine to zero. thank you so much. and madam chair, mr. i also moved that we uh we approve the 5.624 or 5.642 million. other question and this

motion is to approve the 5.642. yes. band 5.642 span for the cooperative. may i get the second on the motion, please? it was me, monica. okay. thank you. yes, sir. before we vote, i you know, if we get into questioning every router and every switch and uh every laptop um and every roll of toilet paper that we

are going to allow the administration to buy, i think we are getting on shaky ground and we need to you know, we need to be looking at policy rather than line items on that. i am not saying we should there should not be account there should not be accountability and we should not have a good explanation for

all that. but i am just a little concerned that we are thank you. noted. madam chair, i while i appreciate that statement from the audit committee perspective, this is an issue. there was a different discussion and now we are looking at a different budget. so what i want to see and what this audit committee agreed to look

at is not what we are seeing now. so it is not so much the question of each individual line item. i brought that up because there was a discussion and an explanation and now that explanation based on this would have been different. so we will go back to the audit committee and the presentation and we will go

through what the presentation was in addition to the oracle issues which were not part of the presentation so that we make sure are we are spending in a fiscally responsible manner. not so much the 125,000 for the laptops and the 5 million for teacher laptops or instructor laptops uh versus 125,000 for student laptops. that is a pebble

concern concerning the rest of the it issue. we have consistently been asked to approve, make blanket approvals at $15 million and then come back and ask for more money out of fund balance mid year. so we we want to make sure that whatever we have asked for now, we do not ask for more later. so audit committee

needs to have a clear understanding with a better uh presentation. so, i appreciate what you said, but i am not nitpicking. nitpicking for a completely different reason. trusty trusty patterson in favor. receipt. voting has concluded. the motion passed unanimously with a vote of nine to zero. thank you. now, we are ready to move on to i so

moved. second. it has been moved and second. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item on soul source contract awards for fiscal year 2026. thank you very much. yeah. dr. thank you very much. very much, madam chair, members of the board. this item is recommended for your consideration to authorize the chancellor to negotiate and execute contracts with salour

suppliers for items and services that are approved in the fiscal year 2026 budget. and with your permission, madam chair, dr. han will provide an overview and answer all questions. dr. han. thank you again. this is a shorter menu of choices. it is laz laz parking for 400,000. texas medical center for common areas across the central campus for

150,000. modern campus pathway for 118,000 for the year and student services uh placement testing software for 385,000. those were the vendors who could uniquely provide those products and trustees, any questions? i have a comment. okay. you know, we have been working with metro uh and we opened the garage over here at 3,200 so it is available so

that they can use it and we could save this money for uh for the parking the coleman the what is it? laz parking. so, um, yeah, maybe we could look at that so we can help students with scholarships, but that is available. so, we need to let them know that it is available for all so they will

not so we spend all that money. i will be happy to look at that. thank you. there is no further questions, comments, and we are ready to vote on voting has concluded. the motion passed unanimously with a vote of 9 to zero. thank you. is there a motion to approve item j, approve senate bill 17, certification report

submission. so moved. second. it has been moved and second. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you, madam chair. members of the board, this item is presented as a recommendation for your consideration to approve the senate bill 17 certification report to the texas higher education coordinating board and authorize the chair and chancellor to take all action

necessary to certify hc's compliance with senate bill 17. and with your permission, madam chair, dr. montgomery will provide an overview and answer questions. good afternoon, madame chair, chancellor, and trustees. we are seeking your authorization to submit a report to the texas higher education coordinating board regarding senate bill 17, which is also texas education code 51.3525. specifically, senate

bill 17 restricts diversity, equity, inclusion activities collegewide. this is our second year of compliance and reporting. the college published information and an faq as well as additional resources on the college's website. the college has adopted policies regarding this matter and established procedures for questions and review by the office of general counsel compliance department. finally, sb17 compliance is

included in the attestation process reviewed by senior leadership each quarter for their respective areas. the board chair and chancellor are listed to sign the report and the practice of the college is to obtain authorization from the board for this task. in your packet is the report that we intend to file. with that, we will take any questions.

so, it is like we are going to be the the super dogs watching over it. we do have the attestation from the senior leadership. yes, ma'am. thank you. see, any questions? i guess not. it was our hands on the line. i know. we have to make sure we get it we will vote now on item j. v.

voting is voting has concluded. the motion passed with a vote of eight in favor and one abstaining. thank you. is there a motion to approve item k? approve senate bill 18, certification report submission. so moved. it has been been moved and seconded. dr. ford fisher. oh, there it is. okay. go ahead. okay. very very good. thank you,

madam chair. members of the board, this item is recommended for the board's consideration to authorize the board chair and chancellor to design as designates to submit a senate bill 18 report to the texas higher education coordinating board regarding tenure for faculty. hc does not offer tenure to its faculty members. as such, hcc is compliant with senate bill

18. so, with your permission, madame chair, dr. from montgomery uh general counsel will come to the podium and she is there to provide an overview and answer all questions. thank you, chancellor. with this item, we are seeking authorization to also submit a report to the texas higher education coordinating board regarding senate bill 18, which is also texas

education c, texas education code section 51.942. this report is regarding policies of tenure and employment of faculty members at the college. as the chancellor said, although the college does not have tenure for the faculty, the coordinating board would like for junior colleges to have a report on file indicating that we do not have tenure at our institution

and thus we are in compliance with cable 18. the board chair is listed to sign the report and as i said earlier, the practice is to have the college to obtain authorization from the board for this task. in your packet is the report that we intend to file that will demonstrate our compliance. with that, we will answer

any questions. voting has concluded. the motion passed unanimously. 9 to zero. thank you. is there a motion to approve item l, personnel? so move. thank you, madam chair, members of the board. this item is a recommendation for the board's consideration of approval of the personnel agenda items for august 2025. and with your permission, madam chair, i invite

mr. rodney nathan, chro, to come to the podium to answer all questions. mr. thank you, chancellor. uh, trustees, you have in front of you for your consideration 10 names for faculty contracts. um i will point out that 70% of those in front of you are already internal to hcc. they come either out of our adjunct faculty or

they were temporary full-time moving to regular full-time. happy to answer any not a question about this fact this personnel report but the other faculty personnel report that is kind of squirreled away at the end of the agenda. i me i saw that dr. sadiki uh is exiting the institution on to you know not better but certainly bigger

and different and we wish him well. um i i do want to ask though he was stewarding some fairly important work when he left and it would be good to get an update on who is going to steward that uh in his absence and get a bit of an update on that that critical uh ai and um

meta work that he was doing. absolutely and of course madam chair may i respond? yeah, we have uh taken a thorough review of the personnel who will be working on that and we do have members internally who will do that and so at the next uh committee of the whole we can provide that information if it is

acceptable under the academic affairs report committee. thank you. and i'd also like to thank those that uh served hcc for many many years and helping us to become bigger and brighter. so we wish them well and thank them for their service. so thank you. and now we will vote. voting has concluded. the motion passed with a vote

of nine to zero. thank you. is there a motion to approve item m? so moved. second. adopt a resolution establishing faculty dr. ford fisher will introduce the item. thank you, madam chair, members of the board. this item is a recommendation to the board of trustees for consideration to adopt a resolution of the houston city college board of

trustees affirming establishment of a faculty senate in compliance with senate bill 37. and with your permission, madame chair, dr. montgomery, general counsel will provide an overview and answer all questions. thank you, chancellor. we bring before you today adoption of a resolution affirming the establishment of a faculty senate in compliance with senate bill 37, which was signed by

governor abbott on june 20th, 2025 and codified in section 51.3522. houston city college faculty senate is reformed to be in compliance with the revised bgc local policy approved by the board governance committee on august 6th and by the full board today, august 20th. with that, we will take any questions. trustees, any questions? okay, if none, we are

ready to vote uh to adopt a resolution establishing faculty voting has concluded. the motion passed with a vote of nine to zero. [applause] thank you. that is a historic day for hcc. is there a motion to approve item n? approve resolution in memoriam of amelia emily cole. so move second. okay. has been moved and second. is there

any discussion regarding the item, madam chair? um, emily uh was a constituent in my district, but i know she meant a lot to several of us on this board, and she was an incredibly important teacher to me, even though i never saw her in a classroom. and i did not meet her till i was well in my

30s, but she worked so hard for so many years to make sure our community had a voice, to support some incredibly important people. she i mean she would do so much from educating parents on how to make meetings with principles so they could talk about their children's educations. she would do that. volunteer to do that and she

made a difference every single time. she took her jeff davis students at the time downtown to see their first show. uh, and and i remember her her telling the story of entering into the bathroom and one of the girls was just staring at this machine cuz she had never seen a hand drying machine before cuz she'd never

been outside of her neighborhood. she made such an incredible difference and she will be very missed. so, pardon the tears, but um, it is a huge loss. she it is a huge loss to our community especially when we are facing so much hatred and minimization and uh in so many of our underserved communities and i am just

grateful to have met her and that she had such a big role in in so many of our lives. so that is it. thank you. i as well um had the opportunity to work with her when we were uh principles and the schools and um and yeah, she really gave a lot to students and wanted to make

sure that they were successful and uh always instilled in them that whatever they dreamed it could happen. and so she made sure she worked with getting them scholarships and opportunities to uh to go to college. and the beauty of it is that the circle came back, you know, they came, they saw her, and they thanked her. so,

they had an opportunity to do that before she was taken to heaven. so, thank you. so, at this time, we'd like to um vote on item n, approve resolution in memoriam of emma amelia and her family has asked for us to present it at her funeral on september the 6th. voting has concluded. the motion passed unanimously with

a vote of 9 to zero. thank you. we will move to item o hcc foundation quarterly report. this is the report item. no action is required. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you, madam chair, members of the board. the hcc foundation quarterly report is a discussion item and miss karen schmidt, the president of the hcc

foundation, will come to the podium and present uh with your permission. madam chair, she will provide an overview and answer all questions. miss smith, thank you very much, chancellor ford fischer. thank you very much to the board of trustees for your support of the hcc foundation. and in particular, we want to be able to thank our foundation

board of trustee liaison, trustee rykart and trustee linton garry. i am going to be brief in the interest of time to just let you know that the the information that we have provided in the quarterly report is unudited as of march 31. what you can be able to see in the report is that the hcc foundation continues

to grow both in terms of contributions and funds provided and would it is an honor and a privilege to be able to raise and provide funds for hcc student success. i have one quick save the date for you all. friday, february 27th, 2026 is our scholarship lunchon. we have coordinated with board services and invite each one of

you to attend. this event is the one that is my favorite event and many of your favorite event. it is where donors get to meet their scholarship recipients and it is just a fabulous event. and if you have any questions, i am happy to answer any questions about the financial results for the hcc foundation. thank you. trustees,

any questions, comments? no. we just like to thank you and again, from on behalf of all the students that that have um continued and then also i heard you say that now that the scholarship um is open that you have had a a large number of students apply. yes. as a matter of fact, um, at the request

of the chancellor's executive council under the leadership of the chancellor, the hcc foundation shifted for when the scholarship is open and when it closes. and we are now open from july 15th through february 2nd as opposed to in the early part of the year, january 15th to the end of june. last year, fiscal year 2024 and 2025,

in total, the number of applications for scholarships was 2,400 and some change. as of last friday, it was 9,256 for just so far within fiscal year 25. i just want to say a thank you to people who you do not get to see very much, and that is our very hardworking, dedicated scholarship team, felicia brooks, simone muhammad,

and sophia lopez, who have done an awesome job. and what they are saying right now is that with 9,000 scholarships, they just want to be offering, awarding, offering, awarding. um, and it is very, it is a very exciting time to have that kind of volume change. we also have increased the amount of promotions that we are doing

for um, foundation scholarships under the leadership of the chancellor where we have shown up. it seems obvious, but we have been at registration fairs. we have been on the monitors at the campuses. we have provided flyers and we have been very aggressive in our social media in terms of posting in social media. we also think that it

is also that is the increase but it is also something that we want to look into over this next year with financial aid because we think that we are getting increased volume but this is quadrupled you know for the time and i think it is also got something to do with the times that we are in but

the hcc foundation is honored to have the opportunity to do this. the other thing that we want to let you all know is that we have a $15 million endowment. we normally authorize spending in the range of 4%. this year's authorized spending because the markets have done well because of the need for scholarships at hcc. the amount

of the authorization was upped to 5.25% which was an increase of $250,000. so, there is over $2 million that is available to be able to award for scholarships just through the hcc foundation, and it is an honor and a privilege. thank you very much. and thank you, chancellor ford fischer, for all that you have done to encourage

us to improve our processes for um scholarships. it is made a huge difference. thank you very much for your leadership, miss smith. thank you, madam chair. thank you. point of privilege. uh really it is it does not have to do with this but thank you for for everything. yes, it is a point of privilege. sharon, on on

uh the memoriam of um emily cole, it the voting um prompt came back up. did you get my vote? yes, it was unanimously. okay. i just double checking because it it popped up again and i just wanted to ensure for the record that i voted for it. so, thank you. the next item, the final item, capital imp

item p, capital improvement projects report. this is a report item. no action is required. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you, madam chair, members of the board. the capital improvement projects report is a discussion item and with your permission, madame chair, uh, mr. bob mccracken will provide an overview and answer all questions. mr. mccracken. uh

good evening. thank you again. um so this is an item that we used to present to the board on a regular basis and then we had a hiatus with it. we are bringing this back. our intent is to provide it uh on a quarterly basis moving forward. uh where we are just reviewing those capital improvement projects and

major projects that are happening to keep the board apprised of the status of these. these projects are not funded out of operating budget. these are out of the the fund 7 budget, which means that these are multi-year projects. um, and so i am just going to highlight a couple of items in here. i am not going to

walk through the entire report. what we are trying to do is a little bit more of a project management approach to this. and so we are rating the projects in terms of at risk, caution, or on track. and then um we are also just green means on track, a check mark means done. um, and so if we

just talk about the central culinary buildout, you see that all of the work and construction is done and it is completed. it opened in january of 25 for the spring semester classes. close out is highlighted in yellow because there is a concern about budget. as we were doing that final close out, we have to reconcile all of

the final invoices and we have to look at all of the change orders to make sure that everything matches up so that we are only paying for things that we should be paying for. there is a possibility on this one that we may end up being slightly over budget, in which case we are going to have to

find some funds on the other side, but the total amount of that is roughly a h 100,000. we think, but we are continuing to work on that. so, that is why that is yellow. um, these are some pictures of that space. it is beautiful space, heavily used. all right. um, safety and security door hardware project has been

completed. we are in the closeout phase now. we are processing final invoices. that project is is wrapped up. and um what you see here are just some examples of the different types of locks on different types of doors. some of these were really tricky to do like a push button push bar door. you have to be able

to exit through that. that is a fire exit. um and so you see different types of of mechanisms that were installed on those. um this is woodridge, what we want it to look like when we are all said and done. um this is actually two projects that we have. the demolition is completed and has been closed out.

that is the column on the right. the column on the left is the view corridor where we are trying to get to the the green grass that you can see. um see the footprint here kind of the squiggle line through there. that is a very large footprint. um that was after the building was taken down but before

the foundation was removed. um this is after that foundation was removed and it was graded. um and so we are working on getting the grass planted so we have greenery. uh safety and security access control. this is largely infrastructure stuff behind the scenes to plug in. um this project has um completed a procurement process but it is

under construction. yes, ma'am. yes. uh excuse me. what is the timeline for the um the the grass september 20th? okay. thank you. north forest collaboratorium. i just want to touch base on um so this project has been in design for a while. there was some concerns around budget. we just got back in the last week um some

updated um proposals that are we are going to be able to remain in budget on this and we should be able to kick this project the construction portion off in october. um there is some kind of visuals of that space. uh the other ones i am going to kind of skip over. at the very end is some

deferred maintenance project status report. just very basic numbers. there is a audit committee report on deferred maintenance scheduled for uh the september meeting that will have more detail on deferred maintenance. be happy to answer any questions. trustees, any questions? trusty sheen, one quick one. um, so on the view quarter, i know that the actual cost ended up

come ended up coming in dramatically lower than the original estimate and we do not have to dig into it now. i am just curious the next time this report comes back, it would be helpful to understand what that actual versus budget looks like. and then i i would expect that there is a significant surplus associated or in

in the account associated with this project and how that gets either reallocated back to the general fund or reallocated to deferred maintenance. just be understand to understand how you know some transparency around how that i think $3ish million will be reallocated to other stuff. sure. and if you look at slide five, um this is the budget status

of those items. so you have the original budget, the amount that was expended, um the amount that is encumbered, which is means that we have a purchase order out there, but we haven't actually invoiced and spent it yet. and then the unexpended. so that unexpended column is the amounts that you are seeing. we cannot just move money

from one line item to another on these items because these were bond projects. um and so before we move any money between these lines, we have to come back to the board for reauthorization. with no further business coming before the board, this meeting of the hcc board of trustees is hereby adjourned at 7:00 p.m. thank you and

safe travels. okay.
