hello everyone and thank you for tuning into hcctv stream of the board of trustee committee meetings for august 6th, 2025. the meetings will begin at 1. so, you have got time to relax and do a little bit more work. and we will be starting at 10:01 p.m. this meeting was called for the purposes listed on the duly

posted meeting notice. the other committee members are trustee sheban, trustee linton gary and trustee as an alternate renee uh patterson. a citizen desiring to appear before the board of trustees shall complete the hearing of citizen form 24 hours prior to the meeting and file set application with the board services office. uh sharon, can you confirm that no

citizens are signed up to speak before the committee? that is correct. thank you. okay, we have uh topics for discussion and we will begin with item a which is the academic student uh supports and this report uh again is not an action item. it is a report item. dr. uh ford fischer if uh you can introduce that

item please. thank you very much madam chair members of the board. this is a discussion item that presents academic student support in many areas of the institution to include libraries, tutoring services, and digital access centers. and with your permission, madam chair, dr. norma perez will provide a brief overview and answer all questions. dr. perez, senior vice chancellor

of instruction and student services. thank you, chancellor. excuse me. uh, good afternoon, madam chair and trustees. as we continue to prioritize student success and learning within instructional services, i am pleased to share updates regarding our academic instructional support services. these services play a critical role in fostering a thriving educational environment. today, we will highlight and focus on

three key areas identified by students as important to their academic achievements. hc libraries, tutoring services, and the digital access centers. these components constitute essential wraparound support, ensuring students receive the necessary assistance to excel in their educational endeavors. at this time, i will ask the team members to please stand to be recognized. uh, in the audience, we have

the executive director of the library, the director of tutoring, amanda guerrero, could not be with us today. uh, however, her team is with us. if her team will please stand, please, and be recognized. [applause] the libraries are key areas for our students and community members to congregate and benefit from the resources afforded to all stakeholders. in addition

to providing affordable uh providing um in addition to providing a studentoriented space for students to work to do work in the libraries, we also provide services to support the classroom. library services are keen on assessing data and this is evident in the increased number of library webpage views and database downloads. both library web views and database downloads

are up from the previous academic year. as you can tell by this slide, the librarians are instrumental in providing library instruction where they hold interactive learning sessions to help students learn how to use the library resources, how to site appropriately, and to help with any research questions. additionally, the team understands the value of continuous improvement. the team

has effectively created an interactive uh chat box and are intentionally increasing their understanding of artificial intelligence. to further the request for continuous improvement, the library will implement a new library management system that was approved by the board a while back that will approve the students user interface and will continue to review library survey results and make any

changes warranted from the library survey. tutoring is also experiencing significant increases in visits, tutoring sessions, and tutoring hours. the success rates of these students of those students who attend tutoring are generally higher than those students who do not. math results are interesting. we are actually encouraged by the numbers because we believe that the math students attending these

sessions are those who really need the assistance. we have been able to help many students be successful. as you might suspect, students need more help in english and mathematic courses. dr. pettis, the i cannot see the bottom, but what is your source for this data? the tutoring the the source is the uh the stu the the tutoring

academic database that they have. and then h how do we come up with these numbers in that database? like are these tests that they take? are they what what is this? what is the instrument? it is uh it is the results of their their their um the students who took these um the students who were in tutoring

and these are the results of the courses that they were enrolled in at the time. okay. i'd like that. i mean the important part here for me um as the chair of this committee is and and i am sure for my my members is okay the the source of the data and you know yeah what we are

looking at here in terms of numbers dr. buridge so the tutoring um center keeps very robust records about which students are receiving tutoring and for which courses. so what we do is we take the records from the tutoring center that says a particular student received tutoring for this course and then we connect it to the grade information

at the end of the semester. since we know which tutor which students received tutoring and which students did not, we are able to compare those two groups to see how each group performed at the end of the semester. thank you, dr. orange. so this is also the data by subject area. uh the tutoring team is definitely working

hard to increase the stakeholder engagement with tutoring. we have recently implemented pass t which is a system that provides faculty feedback regarding the students attendance in tutoring. there uh was a question regarding ai and tutoring. uh tutors are currently using wolfran alpha in tutoring sessions with students. uh it is it has become an excellent uh it is

an excellent learning tool that is used to assist the students with math especially uh calculus 1 2 and three and students can use it to check their answers gain a deeper insight into the mathematical methods and so forth. uh so mo more recently we are actually we were actually part of a grant proposal for an ai assisted

writing improvement. uh however the grant fell through uh due to the changes in the department of ed. uh the lead for that grant however has contacted us that lead was from the cal from a california university and has asked us to participate in a follow-up opportunity which we are currently considering. so we are looking at what options

we have for ai tutoring as well. and then lastly, we talk about our digital access centers were which again were were approved by our board years ago regarding using hearf dollars to be able to create these and there are great resources for our students to utilize study rooms or check out lab laptops within the center. all the

centers are being utilized and students fully recognize and understand that they are in place for them to go for help or to participate on in their online classes. and we have found these to be very successful with our students and of course these are also available to our community. so this concludes the presentation. uh i am here

to address any questions as well as the team. any questions? trusty shiva shiva. yeah, just so appreciate the presentation and and appreciate you um giving some forethought to my question about ai tutoring. i did want to lean in on that a little bit. uh so wolfrrim is an amazing tool. um i remember using that when i was

a student. that was just coming out in those days. um but um i do think we have got an exceptional leg up on most of our competition because we have got our amazing ai program uh in house and i think connecting the incredible talents that we have got in that ai department to develop tools that can help

almost be a mathematics sparring partner for our students um could really be a force multiplier for the really amazing work that our tutoring team is doing. um so very much appreciate that you are all leaning in. and i would just encourage you to continue doing so. um, we are seeing amazing anecdotal results. i think there was a

big study in nigeria that showed incredible results from a couple of hours a day of of tutoring assistance. um, and as well as we are seeing uh k- through2 um private schools that are starting to really adopt and leverage uh couple hours a day of education and seeing incredible advances in in progress. so, just wanted to say

let us not rest on our laurels on that one. the more that we can leverage our internal talent to push ahead of the pack, um i think it it would be well worth our while. so, thank you. anything else? nope. okay. all right. thank you. appreciate it, dr. pedes. thank you. next on the agenda is item b,

fy, student performance outcomes. chancellor, thank you very much, madam chair, members of the board committee. this is a discussion item that provides student performance outcomes fall 2024 and spring 2025 semesters. and with your permission, madame chair, dr. andrea buridge, the vice chancellor for dr. norma perez, senior vice chancellor for instruction and student services will come to the

podium to provide an overview and to answer all questions. dr. burridge and dr. perez. thank you, madame chancellor, board. thank you for the opportunity to review hcc student outcomes. we have organized this presentation proceeding from our leading indicators through our longer term lagging indicators um concluding with some information about our um most important initiatives. starting with course

success rates, we see an increase in success rates, which are um a, b, and c grades. and decreases in the w, d, and f rates, which means that our students are we are increasing the success within the courses. can you i am sorry again because i cannot see. okay. can you call out the source, please? sure. um

the source is our student information system. what we do when we calculate these is we um essentially extract all of the students grades across the courses and then calculate the percents that the percent of students who re the percent of grades that were a b's and c's and that gives us that rate and you can see that

we have um postcoid the success rate in the fall and springs dropped to about 72.6 six and you can see we have increased up to 76.5 which is even higher than our precoid rates. thank you. um similarly and these data are extracted sim similarly what we do here is we look at all of the grades for particular

courses and the success rate across the courses and when we look at the last four years coming out of covid we again see an increasing trend. now these courses were selected because they are some of our gateway courses which are the large firstear courses that students typically take as they enter the institution. um we also present the

retention and persistence rates. retention is a rate at which students remain enrolled at hcc and persistence is a rate at which they remain enrolled at the same institution that is hcc or another institution. because we offer a lot of short-term certificates, we actually look at a positive outcome rate which includes the students who have completed something within

that first year. um for retention, we see an increase in um fall to spring as well as fall to fall. our preliminary numbers, we have another probably 20,000 registrations before the first day of classes, but preliminarily we are also going to be up by a little bit um a couple percentage points from fall to fall. um when

we look at our positive outcome rates, we again see an increase over the last few years. um fall 2023 is our students who entered in fall 2023. their outcomes are fall 2024. um, so that is the most recent complete data. our ipad's three-year completion rate for our firsttime full-time students will be up. that last bar is in

gradient because the um some of those completions will also happen in the summer of 2025 and that is still ongoing. our four-year achieving the dream rate which uses a bigger cohort. ipz is just our first time full-time. these are all of our entering um hcc students full-time and part-time, first-time and transfer in. and as of the beginning

of this summer, we are even with last year for our four-year completion rate, which suggests that at the end of this summer, we will once again show an increase. um, our transfer rate, um, now our transfer rate is really interesting here. remember that fall 2020 was the covid term. we dropped from having an entering cohort of about

12,700 to an entering cohort of about 9,000. what happened in that cohort, as you may remember, that was when all of the four years closed. so, a lot of students who normally were not too sure they were not going to go go to college did not. and the other thing that happened is we got students in who

normally would have started at a 4-year but bulked at paying four-year prices to be remote in their high school bedroom, i mean high school home. so, we think that the um fall 2020 rate it um was all the way to 34% reflecting some of that difference. what is really heartening is that even though this summer 2025 transfers

are not in yet, we see an increase over the fall 2019 data. so, we still see that increasing pattern overall over the years. um, and um this is our transfer rate um by time of transfer. students do transfer after that fourth year, but we end the um the transfer rate calculation at four years. with that, um, i

will bring dr. perez to thank you, dr. bullrin. uh, this part of the presentation is just a recap of the strategies and initiatives that we have implemented to ensure that we have that we achieve the intended performance outcomes discussed in this presentation. uh as you seen before, we do use the uh student success framework that focuses on

connection which is getting the students enrolled uh entry to entry getting them on the right path to progress and completion which is providing the necessary support to ensure success through advancement which is job placement or transfer. the quality enhancement plan which is our qep strategies and outcomes support the student experiences stages uh included in the student success

framework and you will see that that is how we set the uh qep set up you also heard about the uh three uh general major general strategies the caring campus for faculty and staff uh the talent strong uh texas pathways uh hcc will participate again this year uh and this our focus for this year will be on

transfer. what is it that we can do to enhance transfer of our students? and then of course we continue to do proactive advising. uh one of the things that we have uh added of course for for the uh academic advising has been the virtual support services which is made available to students from all of the seven colleges

where they can receive information regarding um admissions, enrollment, advising and other support services without having to go to a campus. uh they are able to receive real-time support from our staff in person or virtually. uh the other thing that we created was that web page which you have seen before where information on college payment options have all

been consolidated into this one page making it easier for students to understand what are their payment options that are available to them. uh there is been more focus uh and of course these are the types of financial aid that we have as well. there is also been more focus on addressing retention by ensuring that all students have

an assigned advisor. this includes the advising touch points on uh on slide um 20. the goal is to ensure that students are advised at designated touch points during their journey at hcc. your approval of the advising platform will assist in tracking our students from entry to completion. the advising platform will provide up-to-date and accurate data on tracking

our progress with the advisement of our students as well as where they are in their chosen pathway. lastly, there is these are the hours or these are our touch point of where number of hours that students have accumulated that we have to ensure that they have in fact consulted with an advisor. and then lastly, there is extensive

ongoing training of the student services staff as well as the faculty. uh special focus has been on behaviors that show our students at hcc cares both outside the classroom as well as inside the classroom. this concludes the presentation. thank you. thank you, chancellor. thank you, uh dr. pettis, dr. burgess. any any questions? trusty sheban. yeah, i think

i have got one request and then i wanted to talk about the transfer data a little bit. um request is um and the transfer data illustrates this really well. every time we talk about data like this and i know it is not fun to put big data tables in board presentations but it would be really helpful to

have the full benchmarking data set so that we can understand better the context of these numbers. can you repeat that trusty sh it would be very helpful to have the full benchmarking data set that is available to us that is part of the that goes along with these numbers. um and and that that transfer data i think

is is a great example that if if that 34% jump which you all remember i was incredibly am and and still am incredibly excited about is that that goes from middle of the pack to leading in terms of performance. if that was the result of a macro environment that our competitors also experienced and it 34% was now

the middle of the pack that should have elicited a very different reaction from us as an institution versus just the absolute number improvement. so it is still amazing but it would have elicited a very different set of actions afterwards if that benchmarking data you know if it was available um if we had it in that context and

it could have had a a a more holistic discussion around it. so, i will just pause and let you respond to that. yeah, we would. we are very happy to provide the benchmarking data. um, one note though is that the benchmarking data typically lags a year to two years be be um behind what we present here. so,

we are just starting to get in that first transfer data, those data points and and um we will probably have them, knock on wood, um late later this academic year. um, so we we do not have an update to the prior benchmarking data we have given to you at this time, but we we will definitely keep that

in mind and provide what we have with these reports in the future. okay. thank you for that. um, i think that the second item i wanted to dig into and and i know dr. perez, you did talk a bit about the interventions that are planned to focus on that transfer rate. um, but i think for for folks

that are looking at the data, this data was very likely eye openening to folks that, you know, this is a big, you know, upward change in performance and a very key metric for hcc. and i think my my fear here would be is that if you see a big upward um change in the data and then a

big downward, people say, "ah, flash in the pan." and then they go on to looking at other institutions if they were, you know, looking at it from a philanthropic standpoint or a uh or partnership standpoint. um, so just really wanted to key in here like how how critical it is for us to to focus on that. so

understanding there is going to be a bit of a dip because of the macro environment, but focusing in on how we can minimize and mitigate and then use that as a strength to show that this is a you know one point in a trend in really exemplary performance versus just one blip from a a covid environment and

it kind of goes back to the normal trend line. so um wanted to to give another opportunity again to to you know how can we really hunker down and and make sure that students are supported and that our staff and faculty are supported to ensure that that any kind of dip from 34% that is the temporary phenomenon

versus the 30 34% itself being the i think one of the things that we already have decided that we we need to really um really uh integrate into the advising initially when students come in is to talk about transfer. we have a tendency not to talk to them about it until later on in their program. we need

to start that from the very beginning to to get them to start thinking about what school you are considering and helping to start making some decisions about what where they want to go and why they want to go there in terms of the area uh of of major they wish to pursue. so, so that is what we

are doing with the with this uh with this new initiative under the texas pathway is setting up those processes so that we can ensure that these students know ahead of time and that we know how to better advise them as they continue through their journey at hcc. i i appreciate that and one one final reflection for me

is very excited to see how the new advising platform plays into this. appreciate you calling that out as a big win for the institution. i think it would be helpful that as you start to generate proof points on how effective that software platform has been in driving, you know, student outcomes and these numbers be good to share

that back with us just so that we we can see the impact of our it investments at work. we definitely will. thank you. thank you all. this uh concludes this uh committee meeting uh which is adjourned at 1:25 p.m. this is a call to order for the audit committee. the meeting of the audit committee for august 6,

2025 will now come to order at 1:30 p.m. this meeting was called for the purposes listed on the duly posted meeting notice. the other committee members are trustees renee patterson, monica flores reichart, and trustee lu davies. opportunity for public comments. a citizen desiring to appear before the board of trustees shall complete the hearing of citizen form 24

hours prior to meeting and file said application with the board services office. there are no citizens who signed up to speak before the audit committee today. we will now discuss item a internal audit status report. this is a report item. no action is required. chancellor ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you very much madam chair, members

of the board committee. this is as the chair said a discussion item and as you know the internal audit department charter and board policy cdc local require the internal auditor to meet regularly with the audit committee to review audits performed audits in progress future audits and sufficiency of department resources and with your permission madam chair mr. terren

corgan will provide the report and answer all questions mr. corgan. thank you. thank you chancellor. thank you. uh good afternoon. uh so uh as the chancellor indicated this is a standard uh quarterly report that we do on the status of the audit plan. so plan is uh for fiscal year 2025. so the presentation will summarize internal audit

uh status information. uh we will talk about follow-up observations on on previous reports, external audit reviews uh that have been done on acc in this time period and we will basically give our statement of independence and and non-impairments u no scope so we have three audit projects that are in the finalization stage right now. uh it disaster

recovery and under procurement we are finalizing the cooperative contracts and blanket purchase orders uh audit projects. so in the future we are going to be doing it systems audits and and we are going to do u internal quality assurance review on our department which will carry over into uh 2016. uh the title n audit that was in

the plan was cancelled uh due to uh the administration previous administration's uh title 9 uh rules never going into effect. uh campus security and safety, we are still working on uh acc is still working on a program for campus safety and security. uh so in your package you have um the uh audit observation follow-up status report. it

indicates all the observations that we have still uh we are still tracking. uh it'll indicate status of whether they have been completed or if uh they are still in progress in an estimated completion date. um mcconnell's and jones report as that audit happened about three years ago. they had 19 recommendations on grant processing. uh we have finally

completed the last recommendation which was to automate our um grants processing uh process and i understand we went live on that uh in june. so that that automation process is as i understand it is for state and federal grants and automates the process for those. all right. so uh i guess after i finish all my presentations today

forest majour will give their audit plan for uh the financial statements audit uh for this fiscal year. um and so we had a regulatory imposed uh review. it was a compliance monitoring desk review of our texas ed educational opportunity grant and they had no observations uh in their report. um, and as i say, uh, basically we are

going to be given the statement every time that, uh, our internal audit function has experienced no independence impairments and andor scope limitations. so, everybody at acc has been very cooperative with uh, helping us execute our audits. and that is my status report. uh, i will be happy to answer any questions. committee members, are there any excellent. thank

you. outstanding. is there a motion to pro approve item b, fiscal year 2026, internal audit plan for approval? so moved. is there a second? it has been moved and seconded. we will now have discussion on the item. chancellor ford fischer, internal audit plan b. thank you very much, madame chair, members of the board committee. this item is

recommended to the board to approve the fiscal year 2026 internal audit plan. and if there are questions, madam chair, mr. corgan is prepared to respond. thank you. all right. so, the internal audit plan for 2026. um i am going to go over the plan development considerations, the project types and uh the planned projects. so we give into

consideration these 10 items uh that i have listed here in our presentation. uh all the executive management of hcc uh were interviewed uh 24 interviews by uh mr. uh robert mccracken and myself in doing an enterprise risk assessment for the year. uh basically our our tool that we use to analyze risk has 239 risk in it and

then we try to narrow it down to the top risks that we consider and that is what we try to focus on in developing our audit plan. uh so we we consider all these things uh whatever use of external consultants we use, external audits uh and then we have organizations that do top 10 educational risk that we

can look at and then we want to comply with the um institute of internal auditors international professional practice framework. we also take into consideration what the texas internal auditing act requires us to do an internal audit. and then uh we try to align our uh plan with acc strategic priorities. and so the the the plan uh is

attached in your package that uh we are asking you to approve. so the project types i have broken out this year. uh i used to put the information technology audits under operational but now i have broken it out. so now we have operational, we have compliance audits, information technology, advisory services, administrative work we need to do and

then observation follow-up that we need to do. um a lot of times the operational compliance and information technology are end up being hybrid audits that we look at all three. so under operational i mean you you cannot be an internal auditor in our uh internal audit department if you cannot handle uh doing a brand new audit from

scratch. and in this year's plan, we have some of those that can make uh some internal auditors very nervous. uh so we are going to try and look at our our minors on campus and how we manage that. uh we are going to look at policing. uh we are going to the plan has quite a few things

uh that we are going to look at in policing uh which we haven't looked that much into in the past but uh in policing they they are going to be doing a lot of upgrade of systems and automation and and uh new equipment um cameras and other things. um so uh we are going to take a look

at that. uh in compliance, this is fairly normal. we do three colleges each year where we look at the safety and environmental uh compliance uh mainly in the labs and and um osha requirements and fire protection things like that. and then uh we want to take a look here again this would be with the police department. we

want to look at uh our compliance with clearary so information technology uh going to look at we are pretty much looking at it disaster recovery every year now and and business continuity. uh there is a lot of topics under that. uh one thing that we are doing now is uh tac 202. that is a regulation uh texas

regulation that requires our it department to do audits basically on their data security and cyber security and it has uh special things that you are supposed to do and and so we are going to help them with that which we have been doing in the past but now we are going to make a uh conscientious effort to

document that we are reviewing tac 202 things and over a two-year period we intend to cover all tac 202 requirements and so and then we are also going to look at uh it uh under advisory services probably um some of the things you are more interested in is uh we are going to go ahead and look at

our fiscal year 2025 spending on contracted services. we will do an analysis on that. that is makes up typically about 8% of hcc's expenditures for the year. uh it is second to payroll in category of expense. uh and then we want to look at uh less than $100,000 payments. uh as you know, uh payments under $100,000 need

no board approval. and so it'll give you an idea of what we are spending under $100,000. uh we we going to try and help with procurement efficiency and look at that. and then we this would be involving the police department again under hb33. uh that is a new regulation that is going to go into effect on active

shooter and campus security that we are going to be required to comply with. so, we want to look at our preparedness for that. we want to continue monitoring web website accessibility. and then there is uh senate bill 37, faculty senate restruct reconstruction. so, we want to make sure we put that into place correctly. administrative. uh the main

thing there uh these new standards, well the standards have always required us to do a quality assurance assessment. so uh but uh we are going to make sure we are when we do our internal quality assurance assessment on our department, we are going to make sure we are in compliance with the new global standards that we have

been putting in. and so we will spend some time making sure that we have the new global uh internal audit standards uh completely transitioned to and then we will uh as always we will follow up on observations. as anybody who has experienced an internal audit knows, we do not drop an observation in the uh the action plan

to to resolve any observation we have until it is been completed. so it gets tracked until completed. and so that is uh the other thing we will look into. so, with that, uh, we recommend that the board of trustees approve the proposed, uh, fiscal year 2026 internal audit plan and be happy to answer any questions you might

have. uh, committee members, do we have any questions? are we ready to call the vote? so, we are now ready to vote on item b, fiscal year 2026, internal audit plan for approval. voting is now open. voting has concluded. the motion passed with a vote of three to zero. excellent. thank you, mr. carrian. um item c. we

will now move to item c, the internal audit strategic plan. so, mr. coran, you still do not get to move. this is a report item. no action is required. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you, madam chair, members of the board committee. this item provides the chief audit executives required periodic review of the internal audit

strategic plan. and with your permission, madam chair, mr. corrian will provide an overview and answer all questions. mr. corgan. thank you, chancellor. so, as you are probably aware, i have been talking about it all last year. uh we have the new global internal audit standards that that came out and went into effect in in january of 2025.

uh under the new standards, it makes it mandatory that uh an internal audit department have a strategic plan and it makes it mandatory that the internal audit department uh discuss that plan and review with the uh audit committee and with management. and uh the main things that are required to be in that plan is what what the

vision of the uh internal audit department is the strategic objectives of the department and the supporting initiatives uh to help achieve those objectives. uh and so the chief audit executive must review the internal strategy with the board and senior management periodically. and so it is like a a living document that can change over time. so what is

included in the strategic plan and i hope you had an an opportunity to read through it. uh so we have an introduction of what a strategic plan's all about. um we have a link to internal audit information which when you click on that link it should take you to our internal audit web page. you could learn anything

and everything you want to know about hcc's internal audit department there. um it it has our what the internal audit vision is. uh our methodology for delivering results and then it talks about alignment with hcc's institutional tenure priorities. we try to keep those in mind in in doing everything we do. uh and then we have our strategic

objectives that we have identified. and then we have our strategic objectives. and then we have our supporting initiative side by side where you can see what initiatives we are trying to take to achieve our strategic objectives. and that strategic plan is in your package. and like i say, i hope you had an opportunity to to look through

it. and uh with that, i'd be glad to answer any questions you have about our strategic plan. thank you, mr. caran. committee members, do we have any questions? no questions. thank you, mr. caran. that was succinct and this is a very good strategic plan for our internal audit system. we will now move to item d, the presentation

from the external audit firm on audit approach and plan. this is a report item. no action is required. uh, chancellor ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you, madam chair, members of the board. professional standards require external auditors to meet with the audit committee to communicate an overall audit strategy including the timing of the audit report. and

so with your permission, madame chair, i invite uh dr. sheri han, who is the senior vice chancellor of finance and administration to come forward and to make brief remarks and introduce forest mear's llp to present the audit approach and plan. dr. thank you so much, chancellor and board members. this is erica brown. she is a senior manager

at at forbis and she will discuss the plan for the coming year. okay, thank you. um okay, good. um i am erica brown. a senior manager in our houston office. unfortunately, um angie dunlap, the partner, cannot be here today. so, um you just get me. but no problem. the board has seen the packet. so maybe you just

want to start talking about it. sure. yes. and we went through this um in detail uh with the board chair last week as well. so um but if you have any questions, you can just let me know. um but we want to just first off say thank you um for letting us continue this audit. um it is

a i think a three or five fiveyear contract. so this is uh year two of the contract. um, and so, um, we did a lot of this last year, so it might look familiar. um, but we did just want to put our faces out there for you. so, we have our engagement team here, and, uh, most of

this team was on the team last year, which we are, uh, really excited about. so, we will be able to use the knowledge from last year and and continue this year. um, and so the fir the thing that we are really going to talk about today is really just our the scope of our audit. um and that

includes the audit of the actuer which is the annual comprehensive financial report of the college. um it is that very large packet that you get in december. um and there is a lot of information in there. we will audit most of that information. um there are a few schedules in there that uh we consider not audited. um

we do read them just to make sure that the information in there does not say anything that would contradict what is in the audited information. we also do our single audit which is what we are doing right now. um and so we do a federal single audit and that is in accordance with uniform guidance and then we

also do a state single audit and that is in accordance with texas grant management standards. um so this year we will be looking at the student financial aid cluster for federal. um and this is as of right now if unless something changes i guess through the end of the month um we could look at more but we

will be looking or are already looking at the sfa cluster and then we look at the teog program um for the state side uh which is also where most of y'all's state money comes from. so, it is a very large chunk. um, and so we do those in accordance with gas and gagis. um, as well as the

uniform guidance and the texas grant management standards as i mentioned. um, i did mention that there is other information in those financial statements and we do not um do those. you want to take that? no, no, please. okay. um, so our planned audit timing, as i mentioned, we have already started. um so we did planning about two

weeks ago and then last week this week we have been um doing our interim financial statement uh our interim testing that has mainly been that single audit um and so we were on site last week and then this week we were here on monday and tuesday we will come back in october so basically the whole month of

october we will be doing our final test work uh with the goal to finish everything get the acter to a great place uh before thanksgiving and then we will be back here um around december 3rd, whatever that that meeting is. and then the acter has to be submitted to the coordinating board by january 1st. um but y'all

are not here on january 1st. so we always try to we get that out um before they leave for christmas, which is about december 18th. um, so and we do not have any reasons to think that we will not be able to meet any of these timelines. um, our planned audit scope. i am not going to really

go into this slide. um, this is just a lot of words for you to read, but um, i do want to just mention the risk areas. so, we do always look at management override of controls. we mainly do that through our journal entry testing. we also have uh fraud meetings with a bunch of people at hcc and

we have been doing those the past couple of weeks just asking them if they are aware of anything. um we also look at the improper revenue recognition. so tuition revenue at the college is is kind of the biggest chunk of revenue y'all have. so we do procedures around that. um we do also look at the grant revenues.

um things like state appropriations and the tax revenues. there is not as much of a risk, but we do do procedures on those as well. and then there is that non-compliance risk that i already mentioned. um, we do just like to let y'all know that we do use a third party. so that is harvest investments. they help

us with our investment fair value testing. so, we send hcc's investment portfolio to harvest and they use a different valuation source and we compare it to what hcc is using just to make sure it is reasonable. um, we have never had any issues with it. and we do also like to point out that the foundation is audited

by other auditors. so, our opinion, you will notice that there is a paragraph that just notes that the foundation is not included in our audit. and then kind of the final big thing this year is that the um there is a new accounting standard. well, there is two actually, but gazsby 102 is is really more of a

disclosure only type thing that will not really affect the college. but gazsby 101, so that is going to be uh compensated absences. compensated absence liability has always been on the college's acer. this standard really just um enhances the definition that was already out there. it clarifies what should be in there. um and it also ensures that what

they call um salary related payments are included on there as well, which would be um any type of payroll tax that you are having to pay. um i know sherry and her team are looking at this standard right now. um it will probably increase the liability a little bit but i do not expect it to have that

big of an impact on the college. um the college also already had a compensated absence disclosure. um so this really will not affect that disclosure either. um, and then we do always like, we asked um, trustee uh, van dibble stalworth last week, but we always like to just put it out there as well if y'all are aware

of any fraud or non-compliance. um, you can always you can say right now if you want, but you can always just reach out to us um, if you are aware of anything as well. um based on the calls that we have had so far, we have not nobody has told us anything. so that is great. um and

um the last uh slide is just a link to our quality report if that is um something you wanted to look at. um and i think our oh, maybe it is not in here. um but yes, so if y'all have any yeah. um but if y'all have any questions, i can answer them now. um or you can

always email us as well. members, do we have any questions? i want to take a moment and commend uh sher han's team and for mazars. we had a very very robust conversation. we resolved a lot of issues that looked a little bit muddy and we got those things taken care of and we are very very satisfied with

this standard and what we will do. and from what i understand, we are rolling that time clock back to december 3rd, which is a few months ahead of what we did last year. correct. um, no, we issued last year in december as well. december. so, we started but we started last year much later. um, last year we

started we are rolling we are pushing fieldwork up a week to hopefully really get into thanksgiving done. um, so everyone can enjoy their holiday. so, thank you all for that because that was really robust work and it is greatly appreciated. uh, so if there are no more questions, we will move on to item e, the report on

quarterly control and compliance attestation. there is no action required on this item and we will hear from chancellor ford fischer concerning the item. chancellor, thank you very much madam chair, members of the board committee. this is a discussion item that presents a report on the quarterly control and compliance at a station and if there are questions madam

chair with your permission i invite dr. montgomery who is the interal counsel to come to the podium to provide an overview and respond to questions dr. montgomery. good afternoon, madame chair, trustees, chancellor. before you is the quarterly attestation for the period march 1st, 2025 through may 31st, 2025. we received one attestation for report to the board regarding

the current mitigation plan that we would like to report in close session of the special meeting. so, we will hold that until we go to the special meeting and we when we adjourn, we will actually address that issue. yes, we will address it in special meeting. perfect. okay. so, there is no current adjournment to close our executive

session. we will take that into consideration when we have the special session close session meeting. so, there are no more items on the agenda. and so, the audit committee is now adjourned at 1:59 p.m. outstanding. of the board governance committee for august 6, 2025 will now come to order at 2:30 now, this meeting was called for the

purposes listed on the duly posted meeting notice. the other committee members are trustee shan chibin, uh, trustee dave wilson and alternate trustee lu davies. at opportunity for a public comment, a citizen desiring to appear before the board of trustees shall complete the hearing of citizen form 24 hours prior to the meeting and file set application with the

board services office. um, there are no citizens signed up to speak before the board governance committee today. is there a motion to approve item a, propose changes to policy fla local, dgc local, and gd local in compliance with senate bill 2972 limiting expressive activities on campus? so moved. is there a second? it has been moved and seconded.

we will now have a discussion on the item. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you very much, madame chair, members of the board committee. as you indicated, this item is recommended for the approval of the proposed changes to policy fla local, dgc local, and gd local in compliance with senate bill 2972 limiting expressive activities on

campus. and with your permission, madame chair, i invite general counsel montgomery as well as attorney mahalik to the podium to provide an overview and to respond to questions. good afternoon, madame chair, trustees, chancellor. for our first item, we bring before you today, revisions to hcc policy regarding free expression and free speech. as the chancellor indicated, the revised

policies reflect changes in the law recently passed by the texas legislature under senate bill 2972. specifically, this amends section 51.9315 of the texas education code. the revisions allow expressive activities to those individuals associated with the college and also eliminates language that require colleges to allow any member of the general public to participate in expressive activities in the

common outdoor areas of the campus. instead, we will have zones for members of the public. this policy requires institutions to amend their free seeds policies to add new time, place, and manner restrictions, including specific restrictions on noise and camping. the institution's policy does the following. restrict amplified sound during class hours and exam periods. prohibits bull horns. prohibits

camping and erecting tents. prohibits concealing one's identity. prohibits lowering in the institution's flag and raising a different flag. requires students and employees to show id when requested. the policy also prohibits expressive activities between 10 pm and 800 am, which is really about encampments. at this time, we are here to take any questions. i also have lisa brown,

who is been assisting with us from the firm thompson horton. uh, is is there an exception if it is part of the actual class? which part? any of it. like i can see a play happening where somebody has to wear a mask that is concealing your identity. is that an exception? good afternoon. the law here is focused

on outdoor common areas, right? and does not regulate the inside of a building. okay, great. but we did add language specifically addressing a theatrical performance. if uh a a group had on theater clothing and including a mask associated with a production, they could certainly walk on campus carry or wearing that particular item. as for indoor activities such

as a classroom, the regular rules that you have regarding classroom disruption would continue to apply in that environment. and so, uh, the main restriction here, uh, in the new law, other than adding, uh, the noise limitations and and that and encampments sort of language, some of which you already had in regulation. so, that was simply moved to

the policy to comply um, with the law. the the main difference is the legislature uh according to the history uh of the bill was very focused on making sure that employees and students have uh the right to exercise their first amendment rights in outdoor common areas and that members of the public uh also can in in many

uh contexts also. but that the administration will designate those areas so that we can maintain uh controls on disruption and and make sure that classroom activities and the operations of the college can um move forward without too much disruption. okay, thank you. i just wanted to make sure that we were not touching learning actual learning environments. um,

uh, did we get any input from tasby on this when we were making it or tasby's update that will include these legislative changes will not come out until later in the year. i believe november, december is typically when they release that. and that is the reason i i think some of these bills go into effect on september

1st. and so we were required to make our own revisions. so when we get tasby's revisions, we will merge those as it is as it is applicable or appropriate. okay? because we are paying for tasby's. maybe we should make a comment like you need to get on top of this before we are legally required to do this

stuff because if we are paying for the input, we really need to i do not want to do this twice. i agree. um this has happened a couple of times now and i have mentioned it to tasby. so, we will work on making an official comment to them because it also happened with title 9, sb17. um there

was a governor's order last year. so, it is something that i have already expressed to our contact at tasby, but we can do something more official. great. thank you. any questions from any of my fellow trustees? seeing none, uh we are ready to vote on item a, proposed changes to policy fla local, dgc local, and g d

local in compliance with senate bill 2972 limiting expressive activities on campus. voting is now open. voting has concluded. the motion passed with a vote of three to zero. thank you. is there a motion to approve item b, proposed changes to cdc local accounting audits? so moved. there a second. it has been moved and seconded. we will now

have discussion on the item. dr. ford fischer will introduce it. thank you very much, madam chair, members of the board. this is an item recommended for board approval of proposed changes to cdc local accounting audits. and with your permission, madam chair, dr. nicole montgomery and general counsel will respond to questions along with board counsel and internal audit

executive coran. yes. thank you, chancellor. this policy is revised to reference to the reference regarding the internal audit department charter. you may recall that at the board meeting on april 16th, the board adopted a new internal audit department charter. going forward, the policy will always align with the internal audit department charter as may be revised from time

to time by the full board. we are here to answer any questions, questions from any of my fellow trustees. seeing none, uh we are now ready to vote on item b, proposed changes to cdc local accounting audits. voting is now open. voting has concluded. the motion passed unanimously with a vote of three to zero. thank you. uh

is there a motion to item to approve item c resolute approve recision of policy dgd local and dhbb local? so moved. is there a second? second. it has been moved and seconded. we will now have a discussion on the item. dr. nicole montgomery, general counsel, and dr. melissa mahalik, board counsel, will provide the overview. yes. for item

c, we bring two policy revisions uh recisions, i am sorry, recisions. with the approval of this action, dgd local and dhbb local will be removed from the hcc's policy manual. also, this will allow the college to host our local policies on the tasby framework policy website, which allows for more searchability capabilities for not only ourselves, but also

the community and web accessibility. in your materials, we show the language in the two policies as duplicative of the language that is already there in existing policies so that you can see very clearly that this language and all of its uh requirements are already captured. we will take any questions. any questions from any of my fellow trustees?

seeing none, uh we are now ready to vote on item c. approve recision of policy dgd local and dhbb local. voting is now the motion passed with a vote of three to zero. thank you. uh is there a motion to approve item d, faculty senate establishment under senate bill 37 and approve bgc local? so moved. is there

a second? second. it has been moved and seconded. we will now have a discussion on the item. board council melissa mahalik will provide the overview. i i will start tristan. okay, that is fine. we bring before you revised policy dgc local for your approval that once approved will be used to establish the faculty senate after final approval

by the board at the august 20th, 2025 regular meeting. the board policy is in compliance with sb37. specifically, i would like to highlight the following. the faculty senate is solely advisory and does not have any final decision-making authority on any matter. the faculty senate is prohibited from issuing any statement or publishing any report using the college district

resources, trademarks, or official seal. the faculty senate consists of will consist of 60 representatives and ensures adequate representation of each of the colleges and schools of hcc. and then serving on the faculty senate is an additional duty to faculty membership employment and and are not receiving and the faculty members are not receiving any compensation or reimbursement for

expenses for their role as a member of the faculty senate. i would now like to ask dr. nicole bhai naloma to review the election process with you in more good afternoon everyone. so, as you know, we had already held our elections for this upcoming academic year. and in light of this, we did have to go back and

change our bylaws, our standing rules, and and how we were going to go forward. so, for the upcoming academic year, we are actually going to rehold elections. we are going to open our elections on august 15th based on those who were nominated last year re-accepting their nominations. um, and so they want to be involved in this academic

year's senate based on the changes that have been made. if they accept their nominations, they will be on the new slate. this opens on the 15th. it will close on the 19th. what we are hoping is after the uh uh board meeting on the 20th, that slate is affirmed by madame chancellor. um, we will fill any vacant

positions in a second round of elections on the tw 21st um to seat our senate on the 22nd at our 4 p.m. meeting at the end of we do have one amendment to the policy in which the reference to librarians that is in the section on the term. we want to clarify that two members of the librarians

will be elected and one will be appointed by the chancellor. and i will have melissa clarify. so that is at the bottom of page one. and so the reason that librarians is pulled out into a separate sentence there is because they do not fall under the colleges or divisions that are listed below. but we wanted to ensure

that they are being represented in the same way. so just like any of those colleges or divisions, one of their librarians will be appointed by the chancellor and the remainder two in this case will be elected to to participate in a faculty senate. so they are considered to be under the definition that is proposed in this policy.

they are considered to be faculty which is consistent. there there are varying definitions of faculty throughout the education code, but librarian is has been included in that. i believe it is included in senate bill 2615, which relates to teleawwork. so, it is not inconsistent with those other definitions to include faculty here. and i believe that is been

the practice. so, to stay with that as much as possible, they are included here, but we did want to clarify since they are in a different sentence that that one will be appointed and two will be elected. and that language is not in the version that you have. so we'd like to suggest an amendment to this policy

to make sure that is clear. so the number is not changing. correct. all we are doing is um just clarifying that one will be appointed and the remainder will be elected just like any other college or division. was it like that before? one appointed or is that what statute? that is what the statute requires now requiring us

to do. one appointed and then two. correct. so, so the statute says senate bill 37 says that each college or division will be represented by at least two representatives. one will be appointed and the remainder will be elected. so, um i believe hcc and several other schools have proportionate representation. so, those larger schools may have more than

two representatives. in that case, one is appointed and the rest of them are elected. and so, this just follows that. okay. so, procedurally, do we need to move to amend and go through that whole thing? yes. okay, let me just ask this question first. um, i just want to ensure that to the extent possible, we have worked

together with the faculty senate and we feel as good about this as we can considering the parameters that we are required to follow by the bill. i know it is not anybody's dream, but um but because we have these um these bumpers in place, i want to make sure that we have worked together and and feel comfortable

with the work we have done with this. yes. um i will speak first and then i will turn it over. but yes, from the beginning the task force has had broad representation not only uh the district level but the colleges and also the current faculty, senate president and then the incoming presiding officer that we expect once the

appointments are made and we have worked very collaboratively together and we have also already had meetings where the full faculty have been informed to get their input and their comment. okay, i will actually reiterate that. um, i will be i was very happy with the amount of input and involvement from different facets of the institution in terms

of this. i felt like we were all able to have a seat at the table and and to really discuss where some of the snags were um and where we could kind of meet in the middle on some things. um there has been involvement across the whole time. i believe i had a conversation in in may with

dr. ford fischer and since then there is been an investment in this and making sure that senate does exist um under the new guidelines. uh but faculty involvement has been along the whole time. okay. and i really actually do appreciate that and i want to say thank you for that. okay. um the only other thing i want

to say is i want to uh make sure that we are prepared during the board meeting to fill in. we are going to have all the trustees here. this is a big change. so, it is on the consent agenda, but if it is pulled, i want us to be prepared to present everything we need to to make

people comfortable with uh this kind of joint work that uh i am happy to see that we work together. i mean, i am, you know, considering what we need to do. absolutely, we will do that. okay. thank you. uh any questions for my fellow trustees? trusty wilson. um, you know, i know this uh was not u uh

a creation of the faculty senate and uh um it is something we have to deal with. but as as a board member, i would like you know to get some feel for the faculty senate and whether or not uh they can live with this and whether or not we can make some improvements or or what we need

to do. it is important, i think, to all of us as board members that uh our faculty senate is not does not get run over by legislation and things like that. so, just could you comment on just a general no one wanted this to happen. let me start by saying that no one wanted this to happen and

there has been a lot of um debate, conversations, um angst behind this because you are exactly right. we we did not want to be walked over. we did not want to be forgotten. we did not want to be put aside for a year, you know, while like other institutions are doing to figure out what their senate is

going to look like going forward. um i believe that to the best extent possible, all concerns have been addressed in a manner that meets the needs of sb37. um i have had conversations with nathan um and the executive committee as it stands right now, and we know there may need some tweaks, you know, in the next year

or two depending upon things because maybe we did not get something right. maybe we we missed something and we know that there is openness to have those further conversations on behalf of the administration as well as with the board. um so you are absolutely right. this this is not anything anybody ever wanted, you know. um but you

got to make the best of what we have and i think that we truly have done that in a manner that does show that we are still hcc and we are still hcc proud and faculty senate will still exist as we go forward. thank you, trusty thomas. i think um that is a really good point that trustee

uh wilson brings up and and the chair. uh in the end it is about communication because we we cannot get around statue and what is required of us, you know. so, but as long as we are transparent and we communicate, uh in the end it is what it is. so, thank you. any other questions? trusty loretta. uh

not a question, but just a comment that um i want to thank our board governance committee because they as soon as uh we got the notice, they are the ones that decided that we need to meet as soon as possible and not wait till september. uh and so i just want to say thank our committee for bringing

this up and and working on it and getting this far and and we are all together. one family, hcc. so we want to just work together again. thank you. thank you, trustee. trusty chie, i also had a word of thanks. really wanted to thank the faculty senate and senators. uh this is an unexpected change. i think at

there was a time when we thought this had dropped off the legislative agenda and then it came back shockingly at the very last minute. um it was unexpected change. a difficult change and it happened as everybody was walking into summer vacation. um and the fact that the faculty senate was able to rally and have this constructive dialogue

with uh the board, the committee, uh the administration, i think that is a testament to the institution. just really want to say thank you to everybody who who put their personal time aside at a time when y'all all desperately needed it after a really tough and productive year to make sure that we got this done before september

the 1st. um i do have um two questions. one um there is like the last paragraph in sb37 um requires that each board um affirmatively attest that these changes have been made and that the faculty senate as constituted complies with sp37. just wanted to understand the timeline of when we are going to be able to do that

just so that we do dot all the eyes and cross all the tees um and that everyone is is on the the right side of safe as we go forward into september. absolutely. and so we are reviewing that requirement. we actually got some input from tac this morning and so we have reached out for clarification on that.

we will continue to review that. if it turns out that that is required that there needs to be a resolution, it will be on the agenda on august 20th. thank you. just one one one board member's opinion. if that is an ambiguous thing, i'd rather veer on the side of maybe acting when we do not have to

just to make sure that we are buttoned up and safe. understood. no, i agree. the uh the second question that i had is as y'all well know this is but one of many um opportunities that we have thanks to sp37 to update our policies. um it would be helpful if if you can speak to it briefly now

that would be great. if not we can wait for a future meeting but an understanding of when those other elements of sb37 might be coming to the thank you trustee. there are other components re relevant to sp37 and we had preliminary discussion i believe on monday with respect to those and i believe the date with not not

in front of me i believe that date is november 2020 what is that date again the effective date january it is no let me go ahead so that is correct uh the effective date begins january 1 2026 and then the plan is to come before the academic affairs committee um to do a report item in madam chair,

so just i guess on that is again i am not a lawyer, not a legislator, but i did read the text of xb37. it sounds like there is additional policy changes that are going to have to be made. um that is beyond the scope of the academic affairs committee. and again, this we do not have to discuss

these now, but it'd be helpful to see kind of a holistic mapping of which committee meetings, be it this committee or the academic affairs or committee, the whole that those will intersect with. may i respond, please? yeah, thank you very much. that uh is a question that we addressed on monday at the chancellor's executive team meeting and

there was a question about how do we move forward with the additional components. one pertaining to the curricula, another pertaining to the board and the reviewers etc. of the curricula. uh obviously one of the things that we found was that the task force worked extraordinarily well together and we decided that given that we are going to need

additional members of our team who will appine on the curricula to be a part of it that those members of the task force would recommend additional uh faculty and staff members who would be included in the planning with respect to the curricula in order to move forward with that. there was a timeline that was discussed as well

for each of those components and it was decided that this group would bring that back to the next meeting and then we would provide that information to the board in the wab. perfect. so again, one one trustes opinion. um i know that there is a component of sp37 that calls for a review of certificates and um and

minor programs. i am very interested in seeing how we are going to pursue that sooner rather than later. i think that is an excellent opportunity for this institution to get a bit ahead of the curve and maybe ahead of some of our peer institutions in complying with sp37. so just one one trustes opinion that hopefully some input

on how that plan gets formulated. but thank you so thank you. and before i vote, i just wanted to thank trusty chibin for his leadership on this. he is really been on top of all the legislation that is passed and everything and we could not have done it without him. so i really appreciate it. trustee. so, before

we go to the vote, and i apologize for interrupting, just wanted to make sure we did not lose track of the amendment. trusty, uh, wilson. um, since you had an amendment, do we have to vote on that as one then? we are going to do um is do we have any mo motions for amendments? uh can i

move to amend the policy uh to include so for purposes of the minutes this will amend the last paragraph on page one of the policy and after to after the language to include three librarians we will add the language one to be appointed by the chancellor and two to be elected. and i say just move to amend

as specified by board counsel. yes. at the ds. if if so i currently have a amendment to the policy uh last to polic the policy last paragraph on page one uh that one library librarian will be appointed by the chancellor and two will be elected by the faculty senate. correct. yes. that is correct. perfect. thank you. thank

you so much, sharon. second. uh, it is been moved and seconded. any discussion on the amendment? yes, sharon. instead of saying faculty senate, it should just say faculty. faculty. got it. okay. and just for clarity, i will repeat that motion once again. amendment to the policy to the last paragraph of the policy uh on page one that

one library with librarian will be appointed by the chancellor and two will be elected by faculty. okay, any discussion on the amendment? any questions? if not, we are ready to vote on the amendment. voting has concluded. the motion passed with a vote of 3 to zero. uh we will now vote on on item d as amended. uh

faculty senate establishment under senate bill 37 and approve bgc local. we are now ready to vote on the item. voting has concluded. the motion passed with a vote of 3 to zero. great. thank you. um, seeing as there is no other business, this meeting of the board governance committee is adjourned at 2:57 p.m. thank you. thank you

everybody. it is 30 minutes. the meeting of the marketing committee for august 6, 2025 will now come to order at 300 p.m. this meeting was called for the purpose listed on the duly posted meeting notice. the other committee members are trustee adriana tamez, pria vanderal sahalworth, and alternate shaun chibin. a citizen desiring to appear before the board

of trustees shall complete the hearing of the citizens form 24 hours prior to the meeting and file set application with the board service office. there are no citizens signed up to speak before the marketing committee today. uh we will discuss item a, strategic communications and marketing plan. this is a report item. no action is required. dr. ford

fiser will introduce the item. thank you very much, mr. chair, members of the board. this is a report item as requested to share a strategic communications and marketing plan that includes kpis and metrics and that are aligned with the strategic plan and student success goals. and with your permission, mr. chair, dr. reema adil, interim vice chancellor of

strategic communications and marketing for student success and mr. todd duplantis who is executive director of communications and marketing and dr. andrea burrus vice chancellor of planning and institutional effectiveness will come to the podium to present the presentation and to answer all questions. dr. dill. thank you chancellor and good afternoon um trustees, members of the board uh our

chair here and um all other guests present today. so today first of all thank you for the opportunity to share this update on the strategic direction of communication and marketing team. um while we have provided a lot more information in the slides, my goal today is to provide an overview of this presentation and how we got here,

what we are proposing. so we have reviewed some swat analysis as it relates to marketing and communication goals as we designed it, collaborated it with our rad's department and our marketing and commun uh communication experts team to be able to craft this plan that i am so right now with this new plan, we are intentionally aligning our

effort to deliver student focus and datadriven campaigns that directly support hcc's institutional strategic plan through clearly defined smart goals. this strategy centers around hcc strategic plan specifically student success, community investment and college of choice. it will advancing student success through increased enrollment, retention and completion, elevating hcc's brand visibility not just locally but nationally. it deepens our community

trust through transparent and impactful engagement. so i do like to bring into our some of the main goals that we have designed. um some of our goals primarily are continuation of our marketing and communication efforts but six goals that we have aligned. um the the main one is student centered messaging not just at the time of recruitment

and outreach but supporting them throughout their academic journey. datadriven strategy to include kpis so we can make informed decisions. innovation bringing in new technology and tools into the work that we are doing. and obviously our new brand as a hcc city college. so brand activation launching houston city college website relaunch that is something that is already ongoing

and continued community engagement and collaboration. i do want to focus a little bit on a student success as this is something a new approach, a strategic approach as we are moving in that direction that will really allow us to be intentional and close any gaps as it relates to student success and messaging. so, as it relates to

student success, we are aligning our communication campaigns with key stages of the student life cycle, ensuring that our messaging is tailored to targeted audiences. as we rebrand houston city college, our goal is not only to elevate the institutional image, but also highlight and enhance the student experience to elevate their increase net worth, employability, and earning potential. we

will amplify student voices by sharing compelling student success stories that demonstrate the realworld impact of houston city i do have a couple of slides that we included here for uh for your review and any question that may as it relates to the next thing that i want to um focus on is the kpis. so with the help

of our institutional research team we have really defined some kpis what we can connected them directly with the student success. so again, continuity offer community outreach efforts as it relates to marketing and communication, but really digging and getting into connecting this data with enrollment, outreach, student onboarding, progression, completion, support and including alumni engagement. so the kpis um

and the data that we have highlighted here it will provide us with some tools that will offer us campaign success tracking through the engagement matrix enrollment data brand sentiment analysis and partnership growth ensuring accountability and roi. this will allow our marketing and communication team to make data informed budget conscious decision and also to make sure that we

are in alignment with best national practices. so overall this realignment is guided by a strategic approach that leverages emerging trends and datainformed decision making enabling stronger alignment with industry standards and more effective resource management through targeted outri out outreach, compelling storytelling, segmented audience strategies and real time data tracking. the team aims to foster meaningful engagement and support

institutional goals. we are confident that this is strategic realignment position hcc communication and marketing function to play a critical role in shaping the college future enhancing its reputation and supporting the success of our students and communities. the plan is intended as the foundation of new vision for the communication marketing department. as we realign our efforts, we remain

committed to adopting based on market dynamics, community needs and stakeholder feedbacks. i know that i have not touched everything, but the information as it relates to kpi is on these slides. slide number 16. these are our proposed tracking dashboards. um, some other relevant measurable outcomes that our team has been tracking and we do have a way to

track. so, we did look at our goals for next year. we also looked at the data that was currently available to us and we will be uh tracking this information to look at comparative data how things how we are doing. we have also included some uh pragmatic ads kpi track tracking how we will be tracking them from

media impressions to paid media, website traffic, number of leads generated, comparative new visits and clickth through uh rate on program pages. um and lastly at the end we do have some reports and outcome that was the direct result of our marketing and communication team um as they progressed last year. and as you can see there is a

lot of successes that were that are visible here. so at this point if you all have any questions please let us know. thank you. there any questions from trusty chie? oh, thank you, uh, trusty wilson. so, i i have a few. the first question i had was it feels like in the deck oh, so first, congratulations on

your new assignment, dr. adil. thank you. um, in in the deck, it feels like we skipped a step. um, and i i was expecting to see kind of a a highle view of maybe those three or four messages that we really want the full our full community to really understand and internalize that whenever houston city college is

mentioned, they think one of three things based on the constant flood of marketing and communications that they receive out from us across a number of vectors. i was curious if you you could speak to that. do we have that high rating? is that yet to come? um, just curious for your thoughts. so trustee th this is a

very good question and this is what we are working on meeting with the team on daily basis to uh to have that plan ready but i am going to let todd speak to that. well, i think one of the things we are going to do is uh we have been meeting with the communications directors and one thing

we plan on doing is starting a marketing and communications council. we will involve the presidents, the vice presidents, the communications directors so we can get this information and bring it to you. um are there three things uh from that level? we will be coming from that group to determine those for you. thank you. that it it would

be fantastic to receive an update on what those kind of highlevel um marketing messages are at some once they are developed. um you know, blake and i were having a a great conversation before about the district 5 newsletter and about different messages that we wanted to kind of thread through the the micro articles that were included in

that and it just got me thinking be great to align that thread with the threads that y'all are thinking the high-grade. would you like to address that? thank you so very much. i would like to respond. when we were involved in the visioning for the strategic planning for marketing and communications, we knew that there were so many

wraparound services that hcc has available for students that are missed altogether in a lot of the marketing that is done. so when you consider that we have the digital access centers, when we have the tutoring, student success stories of course, but then when we have the advisors, the range of programs that are available throughout our district. what

we want to convey is that whatever it a student will want or need to advance their education, their training, their lives, hcc has it. so what we have then we have students who are homeless. so if there is a billboard or if there is some desire for a student to come to college to get a credential but

does not have a place to reside then we have those services to support those students. that is a billboard that could conceivably change that person's life forever. the next is if there is food insecurity and there are family members that are struggling to feed their families, then if there is a billboard that says hcc provides food pantries

for students who are enrolled but having food insecurity issues, go to each of our campuses. we provide that for you. that is what is bringing in a lot of our students. if there is a student who needs online tutoring because that person is working and we can say that we have tutoring available on campus and online at

every pardon me single program area that we have that would attract students. so the general theme is as we look at that strategic marketing and communications plan for student success, the students need to know not just what we have available to help them to succeed in college but also it provides that opportunity then for them to know

which programs there are, which businesses and industries support us, which students have achieved success. and so if we have a student who has gone through the engineering program and has earned a great job and is now earning a high income, then that can be a message as well that is sent out that would inspire other aspiring engineers.

and so that goes that continues. now, there are plans that are in place to determine just exactly how we are able to take all of those clicks on a website, any of the social media posts in order to capture those individuals and then to convert those into enrollments and then to student success. and the members of the

team can share that with you as well as we discuss that also in the planning session. but what we have found is that there are other colleges that are beginning to focus more on marketing communications as well as it directs their messaging directly to students not necessarily to the broad messaging but to intentional messaging. so i think

this is really key. i think is going to make a big difference and i would like for dr. d to share those clicks and what she is doing now with the website because we know that there are broken links on our website that prevent students from easily enrolling with hcc. so if you could briefly discuss that dr.

adil, i would appreciate it. um thank you chancellor. um so quickly want to uh recap some of the communication campaigns as as mentioned by the chancellor. the some of these tactics are discussed on page 9, 10 and 11. this messaging is around the student success. um, we might have done as chanced previously generic messaging, but there are

tools available with ai with with a lot of smart tools that is really can do targeted messaging to the audience whether it is programmed needs or whether it is their uh individual circumstances and based on individual characteristics. um it could be student parents, it could be single parents, it could be veterans, so there are uh systems in

place and current technology allow us to really market to what they are looking for. so that is one thing i want to focus on. secondly, the as it relates to the the the website, um our team has already been working on the new website when as we are bringing that um uh the the new platform. what we

are doing, we have positioned some extra resources to make sure that we clean up our website um which was scheduled to be done october, september, october. we are pulling it up and we are cleaning up. that is one of our urgent um uh matter that we are trying to resolve so we can really have data that is

uh removing any broken links and doing our content audit. so that is something that we want to do as an institution in collaboration with our campus leadership and our um leadership at the district. thank you. there any other questions? i do. can we look at page 10, please? these are the key audiences that we are working with.

what are the current percentages of students in these key audiences and what are we aiming for? um that would be interesting to know and the reason being is that each of these audiences you have to have a different tactic to reach them. the standard system that we have had in the past no longer applies. um, i was

at an event this morning, uh, young parents, uh, at a at at the high school in my district, uh, for parents who had resource needs. and, um, they were in line at 8:00 in the morning, 7:00 morning, 8:00 in the morning for a 9:00 opening uh, for support for their young children. made quite a few young children,

but the parents were young enough to come to hcc for class and none of them had been approached by hcc. in a cafeteria filled with parents and young students, i every parent i talked to and i went tableto table, one parent said she had her daughter in dual credit and i thought that was really that was really

interesting. so, it would be good for the board to know what the current percentages are for each of these uh key audiences uh in terms of enrollment and what we are aiming for. something that the team, the central college team did this morning, they had a a q code for students for people to take a a survey

on dual credit, but it had a it had a a secondary value in that they captured all of the data from that person without having any of it written down. i thought that was spectacular and it gave them an opportunity. it gave the central college team an opportunity to go back and cull through that list which is

now online and see what what the student interests look like, what the parent interests look like. uh because some of these parents had high school kids, some of these parents had babies from 3 to six years old. so, it was very good to see that that uh qode use. i had not seen it before. um, my third

point is on social media. southwest college has everybody be have to say it. they have everybody be. if you are playing a game, southwest college pops up on social media. if you are scrolling looking for something, southwest college pops up on social media. if you are going on your way to a website, southwest college pops up on

social media. they have figured out a way to be everywhere. i would say everything everywhere all at once. they are actually incredibly successful at it. if you can play an a a nondescript game and hcc pops up, that is a hell of a team. they have figured it out. and that is not just uh facebook and instagram.

um, and i noticed we looked at some of the uh the social media sites. we have x. we do not have fan base on this site in this system and we do not have linked tree. um, and they are up and coming. i think our greatest success on on visitation is actually linkedin. i think we have what

130,000 people in one group on linkedin from hcc. that is pretty impressive. um, i do not know what their demographic looks like, if it is if it is graduates, if they are alum, are students, or if they are people just affiliated somehow with the hcc foundation. but it is pretty extraordinary to have 130,000 people in one group.

that is a real extraordinary perception. so, each of these key audiences have to be spoken to in a particular manner. one size will not fit all of these. um, uh, and at at south campus, we did a backpack drive and the the welding students, they were graduating, they were finishing up and there was a young, there were

two young ladies in the welding class and they were pretty extraordinary. and so i videotaped them because i wanted to know what they thought and they were very pleased. uh, i found a young man in at the in the electrical. he was graduating with his electrical certification. he said, "oh, no. i am coming back for level two,

level three, two year." he said, "you know, i thought it was hard." he said, "it was not hard at all, so i am coming back." and he was driving 30 miles one way just to do it. so, and they were young. i think that the oldest i think the young man i talked to was 25, the young

lady was 17, and she got two welding certificates. so we are really poised to open the door for these key audiences if we know what our percentage of students are currently and where we want how what how many do we want do want to increase this by 5% maybe returning students by 20% maybe lower socioeconomic by 10%

high school grads ged um dual credit we have talked about dual credit at nauseium. i am still not happy that san antonio could have 20,000 dual credit students and we do not. i am really not happy with that. um but to see this list, this key audience list is excellent. now, what does it look like and what

do we want it to look like and how do we talk to them? because you cannot talk to a dual credit student the same way you talk to a multicultural student, the same way you talk to a lifelong learner, the same way you talk to a lower socioeconomic potential student. and i'd like to see that and i

know that you have those analytics. so, we want to know because this board is going to have to make a decision on how our strategic goals are going to line up with what this team is going to have to do. and my toughest question is where is app. the app. okay. there is no app. students do things

on their phones. an app that they can fill out and they can go into the system and they can find their classes. without an app, we are probably missing half of them. right. and thank you very much, mr. chair. and i'd like to to ask um dr. burrish to respond to the numbers and of course dr. dill

and i have had conversations about this as well and about an app. but i'd like to say in advance that dr. adil was selected to become an acce fellow and she is one of the fellows who will be working in fact she flew back in this morning from dc where they had their first session and she has

been um placed at maricopa community colleges to work with them on a periodic basis. maricopa community college district for years have had more than 260,000 students enrolled. uh she is had the great privilege of having conversations with them just recently and will be interacting with them uh on a regular basis. uh in talking to the lady who

was chancellor there, uh she was really very delighted with all of the apps that they had in place, all of the strategies that they were using, etc. so we have access to that information now in partnership with them and with one of our key team members being involved in that conversation with them as well. but with respect

to the data uh dr. burish will address that and what we are doing to respond to the diverse populations and needs of our students. dr. bur and we will respond with the percentages for the categories. um we have been looking at that data. for example, for um parenting students, we have one of the largest population percentages of

parenting students of um institutions in the state of texas, which i believe is about 35% of our students. um one of the things about the strategic marketing plan is these populations have different needs at different times. for example, a dual credit student who is just deciding to take dual credit um is a different marketing meas um marketing

campaign than a student who is in the middle of their dual credit career versus one who is exiting dual credit and potentially entering hcc. so, one of the things we are doing with these metrics is connecting this strategically to the student life cycle and the strategic plan, our student success plan to think about how we want to

message those populations as they move through their hcc life cycle for entry, enrollment, um, continued success and then the next steps. um and so with that, so trustee you provided a lot of invaluable feedback and that is in alignment with our findings and the work that we have been doing. so i also whenever i search something, southwest

college is doing a good job. they pop up anytime we look for something. um some of the things so first of all we have included all our directors communication directors from the colleges so we will be uh picking up the best practices that are already being um uh utilized and we will expand on them on uh slide

six i did mention in innovation bullet that is the last bullet how the tools that are currently available that will allow us to really position ourself content generation, ads, landing pages, video script, all uh very um the targeted to specific audiences. predictive analytics is no no longer new. so we are going to be expanding on that. um

the retarget website visitors through pixels. so when they show interest and when they stop and provide a impression we we know we will be able to measure how many of these students actually look at our ad and came to our website. um so those are this is available on page six page um 13 talks about different audiences

and i do want to um say that as you mentioned our different audience have different um the the way of communication and how they receive information. so we have put down some of the information here. this is just the start. this is not everything but now that we have new technology coming up which is advising platform and

we recently upgraded to messaging through my oneflow. we are really being targeted towards student journeys and their needs based on who they are. that work is being done and we will continue to refine that work. um, you also mentioned a comment regarding our um the the our likes on our pages. that information is available on page 20.

um, this is not a full year report, but september 1st through june 30th, we have this is on pageuh page 20 and page 21 the breakdown of our social media pages. linkedin has 137 uh,96 followers. facebook currently have about 50,000 followers. instagram sitting 11,500 and we also have twitter x that we uh are looking at about 12,000.

um with this there is a lot of opportunity to i know we have been engaging our our communities and our influencers who make difference in the communities to um help us get the messaging out. but one thing we can also be very intentional about this is the time of influencers especially social media influencers as we try to

connect to younger generation. um more than half of their awaken life is on their screens. so that is a great opportunity for us to explore and expand. but um well dr. adelf, thank you for your time. we are starting to run over here and i i apologize for cutting you off, but i'd like to stay on schedule.

so, at this time, um i would like to u the marketing k committee is adjourned at 3:33. we will discuss this later. thank you. the special meeting for august the 6th, 2025th will not come to order at 3:33 p.m. this meeting was called for the purposes as listed on the duly posted meeting notice. uh, a citizen desiring

to appear before the board of trustees shall complete the hearing of citizen form 24 hours prior to the meeting and file said application with the board services office. there are no citizens signed up to speak before marketing committee today special meeting for special meeting today. okay. uh is there so we we have a few topics for discussion

and action. so um is there a motion regarding item a adopt a resolution for name change to houston city college? so move. there a second. it has been moved and second. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you madam chair members of the board. this item is presented to recommend adoption of the resolution of the name

change from houston community college to houston city college maintaining the initialism and acronym as it were that authorizes the chancellor to take approved actions necessary to implement the change with registration and trademarks. if there are questions, madame chair, uh with your permission, dr. montgomery and dr. burge will respond. dr. montgomery. thank you, chancellor. madame chair, trustees, at

the june 18th regular board meeting, the board approved the college rebranding and college name to houston city college. today we have before you adoption of the resolution for the name change to comply with regulatory filings. with that, we will answer any questions. thank you, trustees. any questions, comments? okay, i think that um we are ready to aaron,

that is yes for me. received. voting has concluded. the motion passed unanimously with a vote of 8 to zero. thank you. so, we are now officially houston city college. is there a motion regarding madam chair? excuse me. yes, sir. so, does it is the official moment right now we quit calling at houston community college and then we

now start calling houston city. is this the moment in time? yes, we should. i i will just note that we do need to do just some filings with sak coc and also the coordinating board. however, dr. burge has already reached out to them and that is a very simple process with an email. thank you. welcome to con

city college. thank you. is there a motion regarding item b? order calling for trustee elections to be held on tuesday, november the 4th, 2025th and making other provisions related to this subject? so moved. second. it has been moved and second. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you, madam chair. members of the board, this item is

recommended to the board of trustees for your consideration to approve the order calling for trustee elections on november 4th, 2025 in trustee geographic districts 1, 2, and 7 for hcc. if there are questions, madame chair, i will ask for with your permission, dr. montgomery, to respond. thank you, chancellor. and i will just also add in section 13

of the order, we have already made provisions for the name change for houston city college that will appear on the ballot after we have those signoffs from sachs and the coordinating board. with that said, we have election council here, ben morris with the firm leon akala to answer any questions as well. thank you. trustees, any questions? we

have been through this. i think all of us have been through it. yeah. any questions? we thank you for coming out and uh but everybody knows what we got to do. so, thank you. all right. um so, now we are going to vote vote on item b. erin, that is yes for me. voting has concluded. the motion

passed unanimously with a vote of 8 to zero. thank you. and um just um again uh trustees one, two, and seven um we look forward to you running a great election. thank you. and returning. oh, [music] it is a great election. okay, we will move to item c. review the tax rate adop adoption process for tax year

2025th uh year 2026 and review the calculated and proposed tax rate. this is a report item. no action required. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you very much, madame chair, members of the board. as you indicated, this is a discussion item to review tax rate adoption process for tax year 25 fiscal year 26 rates and

to also review the calculated new revenue rate and vote approval rate. and with your permission, madam chair, i will ask dr. sher han, v senior vice chancellor of finance and administration to come forward to address all questions and to introduce our tax attorney. thank you, board chair, chancellor, and trustees. i am going to invite up the lenberger

attorneys to talk a little bit about the lenberger process in the tax rate approval truth and taxation. thank you. good afternoon. my name is blair riley. i am actually the vice president of truth and taxation for appraisal and collection technologies. so, i am not your attorney. mr. trey stone is your attorney and he is here to make

sure that i do not do anything silly. uh, no, i am not um a lawyer. very important when you work for a law firm to make sure of that. well, we want to go through the slides, so you will just be clicking here to advance and discuss what you see here. thank you. so, thank you for having

me this afternoon. i am very excited to be addressing the new houston city college board. um, i will have to obviously update my presentation in the future. hcc has been a limeburgger client for over 20 years. our comprehensive legal services and collection program include every part of the delinquent collection process including obviously the truth and taxation process.

we are a team of professional collectors many of whom are bilingual and our team is led by our limebugger partner trey stone with ashanti kasha your area manager. so we are here today to learn about truth and taxation. some of you have heard me talk about this before some of you have not. so we are going to

get started at the beginning. the texas constitution allows for four guiding principles of truth and taxation. your taxpayers have the right to know about any property value increases and their estimated taxes each year. taxing units, that is you guys, have the obligation to calculate and publish your tax rates before you adopt them. otherwise, the tax payer can

file an injunction and stop the rate process. taxing units also have the obligation to publish notices and hold hearings regarding the increases. otherwise, taxpayers can file a different injunction to stop the process. this is all about giving taxpayers the information that they need to be a part of the process. voters have the right to roll back the

rate if it goes above certain levels, which we will talk about shortly. so, the six steps for truth and taxation. first, you should draft your budget. next, we will calculate our benchmark tax rates. that includes the no new revenue rate and the voter approval rate. after that, we publish our notices and put information on the website so

that the taxpayers can become involved in the process. we will hold hearings so that the taxpayers have a voice in the process. you are going to adopt your tax rate by the deadline and if required, you will hold an election, which will most likely not happen. so i just talked to you about you are going to calculate

your benchmark tax rates. what are your benchmark tax rates? first you have your no new revenue tax rate. that is the rate what that will bring in approximately the same amount of money as last year. we are trying to compare apples to apples here. so it we exclude any new improvements on the role so that we can

have an idea of last year versus this year. we also calculate the voter approval tax rate that brings in the same revenue as last year, but it gives a small increase to account for inflation. so you guys are a technically a special taxing unit. you are a junior college district. that means that by law you are special.

that means that you are allowed to have up to 8% growth for your voter approval tax rate. if you go above that rate, you are automatically going to have an election in november. so, we try to stay below that voter approval rate each year. if you have to go above that rate in response to a disaster, you

can. however, this is the last year that you will actually have that ability. after 2025, that ability is going to go away and you will be limited at that 8% rate. just wanted to make sure that you knew about this change for next year. say that again. so in the future, this year, if you need to go

above that 8% in response to a disaster, in response to a hurricane that hits, you can technically go above this year in response to a disaster. in future years, you will no longer have that ability. so you almost never go above 8%, you are very um conservative on that, and that is wonderful. but i needed to at

least let you know that it is a change in the law. your debt. you get as much money as you need in order to pay your debt because it is already been approved by voters in your bond elections. so, the collector is going to certify to you guys your anticipated collection rate. collection rate cannot be lower than

the actual collection rate for the past 3 years, but it can be greater than 100% for the purposes of tnt if um depending on how collections go that year. so before you are hearing with the public where you are going to adopt the tax rate, you have to certify the tnt worksheets. the first of step of that

is going to be designating your doe, your designated officer or employee. um they are going to be responsible for calculating the worksheets. i suggest designating two people. if some person is sick, if the person is in a car accident, if they leave halfway through the year for some reason, it is always good to have a backup dough.

so, just in case, always keep that in mind. they will um calculate the tax rates and then they will submit the no new revenue rate and the vote approval rate to you guys so you know what numbers you are working with this year. then we can adopt the tax rates. you are also going to update the chief

appraisers database as your information becomes available. you may not hold a public hearing or adopt your rate until at least 5 days after the chief appraiser has delivered a postcard for estimated taxes and all your information is updated on their website. so this is what the august cad notice is going to look like. the chief appraiser is

already posting it everywhere. this is part of the process where the taxpayers can have information on what is going on with their taxes. you will see that on the chief appraisers website. they are going to put when and where you are going to have your hearing. they are going to show the no new revenue rate, the vote

approval proposed rate, and then each and every person in your taxing unit can type in their address and see what their estimated taxes would be at the no new revenue rate versus at the rate that you are proposing. so, it gets them involved. they can see exactly what you are doing with their taxes. so before you adopt

the rate, you have to have either a public hearing or meeting. it is going to depend on what rate you adopt, which you are going to have. you will publish your 2606 public hearing notice if you are adopting above the no new revenue rate or the voter approval rate. otherwise, you will just schedule a meeting to adopt

the tax rate. you must publish the notice in the newspaper at least 5 days before you have your meeting. um, the wording depends on what your proposed rate is versus your no new revenue rate. your finance department will take care of all of that for you. if you do not adopt at that meeting, you have to adopt

within 7 days of that public hearing. so, you will adopt, you will announce the date, time, and place of the second hearing at the first one. now, just a second bit of information i am pointing out because it is a change in the law. so, we have a 72-hour notice for this tax rate adoption meeting, our open

meetings act notice as of september 1st. that becomes three business days. so, i am you are probably all aware that your 72-hour notices now become three business days. wonderful. so, um you are going to have to adopt your tax rate by september 30th or 60 days after ro certification. you guys always work with 60 days after ro

certification because um harris county tax office always certifies a little bit late. if you are going to go above the voter approval tax rate, which you are not, you have earlier deadlines to work with in august. you do not have any intention about going above your vote approval rate. so, we will skip. so, you will have a

separate vote on the budget and tax rate. if your proposed tax rate exceeds your no new revenue rate, one of those benchmark rates that udo just calculated for you, you will have a record vote. you have to have a voting threshold of 60% if you go above that no new revenue rate. and then you will have specific

motion language and language that is going to go on your website. other things that go on your website are all included here. part of the process of allowing the taxpayers to get in contact with you and have a say on they can voice their opinions on that cad database. there is a section there for people to make

comments, but also on your website, you will have the taxing unit is mailing address, email, and telephone number along with the name and contact information for each member of the governing body. you will have the budget for the past two years along along with the percent and dollar change in your budgets. and you will have the tax

rates for the last two years broken down by your m and your debt rate. you will also be publishing your most recent financial audit on your website. all about transparency, guys. we want to make sure everything is up to date. other website requirements are will have on the tax assessor's website. they are responsible for having the last

five years history of all your tax rates. your adopted rate, your m rate, your debt rate, your no new revenue rate, your vote approval rate. so we can go back and see. they also will have five years of those truth and taxation forms. all 80 lines of the calculations will be on that website. starting next year, those

forms will actually have all the backup information as well as a hyperlink. so each member of the public, anywhere they are, they will be able to click on your truth and taxation worksheets and they will be able to see line for line where each number came from, where you pulled those reports. so, it is going to be

very clear to everybody exactly how we did our calculations as of next year. so, if we look at the tnt 2025 calendar, we are already in august. so, your collector has likely already certified your anticipated collection rate and any excess collections from last year. so, if you collected too much in debt last year, you have to give

that money back this year in the form of a lower debt rate. so we try to make sure that our debt calculations are fairly accurate. you need enough money to you need to collect enough to pay your debt, but if you collect too much, it goes back to the taxpayers next year. it is actually really wonderful in

that way. so by august 7th or as soon as practicable, your doe is going to submit the rates to you. the county tax is going to post the tnt forms on the website and the chief appraiser is going to publish um the notice of estimated taxes so everyone can type in their own property and see exactly what

their estimated taxes are. we have the deadlines for the going above the voter approval rate which we are like going to skip because you are not going above your voter approval rate. um and then by august october 1st the tax assessor will prepare and mail the bills and that november 5th is the uniform election date. now do

you have any questions? one thing i did want to point out just it is not in the slide. um the texas legislature has reconvened for a special session. they are focusing on truth and taxation a little bit. so they have some legislature that could be changing the tnt process. at the moment they are leaving you guys alone.

they are focusing on cities and counties and um reducing their voter approval rates to two and a half percent. you guys have 8%. so at the moment they are leaving you alone but it is something to be aware of that you might have some changes in the future. thank you trustes. any questions? what is our m rate

and our debt rate? do you have that andy? the proposal for this year is 9409. uh different different slide. give me one second. i will get it. i just want to say that you did a great job. you know this information backward and forward because you were great. thank you. i have been doing for 20 years. so

if you have any questions, let me know. yes. thank you. so the for fy25 the total tax rate 0096182 the m portion. 081632 that was fy25 the fy26 budgeted that was approved temporarily 0.099587 for the total 0086264 m and the debt rate continues to go down as we pay off debt. what was the debt is 03? the

the debt you are asking is 0.013323 for the budgeted approved rate. the actual fy25 tax rate was 0.014550 for the debt. both less than 10 cents. yep. sure. any other questions? there is no further questions. and thank you very much. the next item is there a motion regarding item e. designate official to calculate calculate tax rates for

tax year 2025 2026. so move. madam chair. do not we have to do number item d first? yeah. oh, was there a vote? this was a report. oh, c. okay, then we need to do d. okay, going back. review the 2025 preliminary tax rate and announce the timeline for the public hearing and final adoption of 2025 tax

rate of fiscal year 2026. a report item, no action required. dr. ford fisher will introduce the item. thank you very much, madam chair, members of the board. so, as you indicated, this is a discussion item that we will provide that will provide a pre review of the preliminary 2025 calculated tax rates and proposed announce the timeline for

the public hearing and final adoption of the 25 tax rate for fiscal year 26. and with your permission, madame chair, dr. sheri han will come forward to provide an overview and answer all questions. thank you again. so what we have provided here is basically a summary of the county timeline which you have heard something about in greater

detail by linear. we just laid out what they do, what the counties, both counties do on a month-to-month basis. and then our followup is our proposed tax rate and revenue. these are very preliminary estimates. they were these were based on april 30th data because we will not have property valuations until mid to late august. we are hoping

by august 18th, but more likely august 25th. and that sort of falls outside of the board meeting dates that we could get anything to you by. so, we are hoping to get a revised version of the tax rate to you and possibilities by the the september 3rd meeting. that'll give us enough enough time to do calculations based

on what we receive because a lot of this is based on what the property values are. we had proposed uh a tax rate increase, you may recall, of i think 3.5% in the fy26 budget to give us enough cash to operate and do what we plan to do program-wise. um, and that was predicated on a 2.2% roughly

uh property value increase over the year, but that was an estimate. so we are kind of waiting for the real data to come in mid to late august that will determine the rest. however, we have done a couple of option calculations on in case our revenue is better than we anticipated when we worked through the budget. we

had a lot of sturm and drang during the budget discussions about what if this, what if that because there was so much unknown. if it turns out that we are doing a lot better enrollment wise and therefore revenue-wise than we thought, we have a couple of scenarios that we will be proposing to talk about with decreased tax

increases in total. so, we have taken a look at that and we will continue to look at that. it is a little iffy to come up with something definitive at this point. it is too early in the academic year cycle to know what revenue might be. we just kind of took a swing at it here and included

some analysis of international student enrollment as well, just to give you some context. but timing wise, we are kind of not ready. it is not ready yet to propose new tax rates, but we are working on it. we are working on whatever data we and again, our our purpose was to ensuring that making sure that we could

do what we say we are going to do programwise and marketing wise, continuing sustainability of operations um and addressing our the priorities that are proposed and come up out of the strategic planning process. we are also just as a kind of a sidebar looking at at a um an advancement in the timing of a total budget for

fy27 so we can get over the issue of having you see just slices of it at a time and an inability to see the whole picture. but that will require having information sooner, working across the district earlier to gather that input so we can propose something. get your feedback and continue to kind of fine-tune the budget earlier

in the cycle. still planning for a june 2026 approval of the fy27 budget, but we will be much more prepared much sooner with a whole package for you. this is a piece of it, of course. any questions at all? yes, she yeah, i i appreciate you bringing up um the the calibration we will need to do with

our other revenue streams and how that impacts the tax rate. uh i am curious and i know that, you know, too early in the process to share firm numbers in terms of dollars and cents. um, but could you anchor us a bit on what we are seeing in terms of enrollment and how that compares to some of

the assumptions that we made in the budgeting process? so, for example, i think where we landed for international student enrollment was either a 25 or a 50% reduction as a budgeting assumption. be curious to understand how that is starting to show up in the data now just so we can calibrate kind of the the magnitude shifts versus

our budgeting assumptions that we can be expecting. actually, if if i have that information, it is part of another presentation on connect to workforce. so, just give me one minute. i will be right back. dr. buridge also has some of that information as well. um, so we did take a look at what we have seen as international

segment growth. it may be a little premature again to quantify that precisely because we are comparing it and i am going to let dr. bird speak as well. it we are comparing it to last year when we might have seen a drop that was artificial, an artificial drop based on climate conditions of the time. so, it may

look like we have had a a giant leap. i do not want to base our revenue on that false hope that that will materialize. and we have been working with our international students office and looking at national data. nationally, international student enrollment is projected to be down about 20%. um, looking at our preliminary numbers, we do think

we are going to do a little bit better than that, maybe 5 to 10% down. um, we think that students enrolled earlier this year than last year. so, we we are actually up day over year-over-year, but remember last year we had barrel and so enrollment was very late. and we also had uh more late international um student

orientations which is why we are um conservatively projecting at 5 to 10% down right now. that is helpful on the international front but i know student enrollment also was you know generally projected to be flatish. so are we seeing that as well? are we looking up down? just curious for early indications. early indications are we doing really

well for enrollment? we have a couple of factors we were concerned about. for example, pel that um that the as you know um the big beautiful bill did not pass with those massive pel decreases and so that that um accounted for the change in that p projection. um there still are some changes to some of our students

that we cannot model yet because in the next two weeks are when we are really going to see the impact of the students. but right now, we are up in all student demographics by quite a bit. all right. thank you for that. so much. okay. thank you. is there a motion regarding item e? so moved. second. a

official to calculate tax rates for tax year 2025 2026. so moved. second. it has been moved and second. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you very much, madam chair, members of the board. this is a recommendation item. the recommendation is to designate the senior vice chancellor of finance and administration as the officer to calculate the

tax rate information required under texas tax code section 26.04c. uh this is the recommendation of the administration, madam chair. um, do we have a name? han. okay. just wanted to hear it. questions, concerns? nope. question. were not we supposed to do an alternate? was not that the recommendation to have two people rather than one? that is what

larger recommend. okay. and so the alternate in my absence it would be dawn stevens. okay. she is very confident. we will now vote on the motion regarding item e. designate official to calculate tax rates for tax year 2025 2026. voting is now open. shar. that is a yes for me. voting has concluded. the motion passed unanimously with

a vote of nine to zero. thank you so much. thank you. at this time, the special meeting is recessed for after the committee of the whole and we will recess it at 4 4:03 p.m. the committee of the whole meeting for august the 6, 2025th will now come to order at the meeting was called for the purposes

as listed on the duly posted meeting notice. a citizen desiring to appear before the board of trustees shall complete the hearing of citizen form 24 hours prior to the meeting and file set application with the board services office. no citizens are signed up to speak before committee of the whole topics for discussion and or action is madam

chair. yes sir. uh it this is posted for 4:30 i believe. is it 4? you are correct. this posted for 4:30. so the whole we gave additional we gave additional time due to the length of items that was scheduled for the special meeting and with the close session that was scheduled. okay. then um let me okay. let

me reconvene our um special let me go back. reconvene our special meeting and find my my proper wording. okay. close session is called to order on august the 6, 2025th at 4:05 p.m. okay. so, we will go to close session. see you back shortly. we will now adjourn to a closed or executive session under the texas government

code 551.072 and or 551.074 of the open meetings act as stated in the notice of this meeting. should any final action vote or decision be required for the opinion of the board on any matter considered in closed meetings, such final action, voter decision shall be taken up in the open session portion of this meeting or in a

subsequent public meeting upon notice thereof. the meeting is adjourned to close session at 4:06 p.m. 4:06. thank you. [applause] the open portion of this meeting of the special the open portion of the special meeting of houston city college system board of trustees is reconvened at 4:30 ma'am, are you know where i left mine? the special meeting is

now adjourned at thank you everyone. thank you. the committee of the whole meeting for august 6, 2025th will now come to order at 4:31 p.m. this meeting was called for the purposes as listed on the duly posted meeting notice. opportunity for public comments. a citizen desiring to appear before the board of trustees shall complete the hearing of

citizen form 24 hours prior to the meeting and file set application with the board services office. no citizens are signed up to speak before the committee of the home. at this time i'd like to take a personal privilege to ask you for a a moment of silence. we have lost some community members, community leaders uh this week

and uh then we have others that have been ill. so i just like for us to do a moment of silence, thank you. topics for discussion and or action. we only have two items. is there a motion to approve item a, approval of funds for the connect to workforce initiative? so move. second. thank you. it has been

moved and second. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you, madam chair, members of the board. at the june 2025 board meeting, the administration was asked to bring forward a proposal that would serve as an alternate plan for a reduction in tech fees that would support students financial ability to enroll at hcc. the plan that is

brought forward for your consideration of approval is called connect to. and with your permission, madame chair, our two senior vice chancellors will present the proposal, provide an overview, and answer questions. thank you, dr. perez and dr. han. thank you, chancellor. madam chair and trustees, you we while we appreciate the uh the um the approval of the funds

for houston reconnect, we also feel that there is a a group of students that that also could benefit from financial assistance. so that is the idea of connect 2 came about in the discussion regarding enrollment and retention and how to address the challenges our students face that are financial that may impede them from completing their educational goals.

so connect two would provide financial support to students that are working towards an industry recognized credential or a selected workforce program. uh whether it is a continuing education short-term training program program or whether it is a workforce level one or level two certificate or even an occupational skills certificate. we have identified five high demand areas that we

believe that uh would definitely assist our students and those areas are digital information technology, spark manufacturing, transportation, health sciences and construction. these students could be students from uh seeking to upskill. uh these could also be dual credit students that started with us uh and graduated this past year and did not complete their certificate um and we would

like to get them back at hcc. or they could also be students that are seeking those short-term uh continuing education training courses that are currently not covered by financial aid. uh if you recall under the new uh uh legislation that was passed uh the federal uh the our our us congress passed the federal legislation regarding federal financial

aid for 2627 that is going to start covering the uh continuing education short-term training program financial aid but that would not be implemented until uh 2627 i am sorry 272 uh 28 eight if if 2627 that is correct. so what we want to do is also get ahead of the game by beginning to offer the connect two

these connect to funds to those students who right now would not qualify for that financial aid. we do have have been using tay but those funds are also very limited. so at this time i am going to go ahead and turn to dr. han who will talk to you a little bit about the financial aspects of connect

to. thank you so much dr. perez. i will just move this slideshow along. this we considered this sort of a um the other book end you know of houston reconnect was to older learners you know above 25 years of age and who had stopped out. we consider this sort of the compliment. it is students who might be

here or thinking about coming here in a younger age bracket perhaps. um, and this fits in nicely with our financials because it does not jeopardize our day's cash on hand as much as 30 million or 10 million might have. so, that made me really happy. so, at this point, we are looking at a million dollar investment one

time and we would treat this as a pilot test um and find out whether short-term completion results do match our expectations. it would be offered through the fi financial aid channel, not through the foundation. um and again it would be offered to eligible students in high se in selected high demand workforce programs but with without many other

delimitations. they would have some financial need or just want to be in one of those programs. uh and it would be offered until funding is no longer available. we do not want to see this we do not know if it is going to work as we expect. so we do not want to see this as a perpetual

scholarship program yet. so first come first serve. we are thinking that we may divide it up 5 million for each long semester just to make it a little fairer that the spring students get the benefit as well. here is what we looked at in terms of actual numbers uh for fy25. so those are the five subject matter

areas and the totals of the students involved at each level of award. um at one point we also looked at um associate degree students but we felt that the return on that would take much longer and might be questionable. we do not know what the state uh funding might be in the outy years. so it seemed like

a little riskier. so we limited it to shorter term programs still in a high demand field however. so those were the actuals. then we took that 3303 and we projected out what we are hoping to see in fy26. big emphasis on selling the iclc's and osas. huge increase. we we think we can do it um for the

semester credit hours. we also think that is possible. so we are looking at moving from 3,300 roughly students this year to 4,700 next year. and they there would be a handsome return if we could achieve this because again it is just a million dollar investment and we'd make almost $5.5 million in return. so financially it is safe

and it looks like it could be promising. i asked the question, okay, money out the door. what are we going to do to track it? because you know i care a lot about every penny that goes out of here. and what i heard back, i liked it was going to check on the number of students who applied,

who were offered scholarships, who actually enrolled, how successful they were in their courses, what the retention was fall, and then fall to fall. and actually, the completers, the completers is what makes my heart sing because that is what brings money back. so, any questions? we'd be happy to entertain. we are ready to launch this whenever you say

go. trustees, any questions? what is dit? i am sorry. data information technology. i asked the same thing. so, you are not alone. it is digital. yeah. so close. she digital information technology. so close. so, so i appreciate y'all bringing this forward. i appreciate the limited scale and the the spirit of the pilot. um, it made me think

of two things. um, as you know, both reviewed the the content beforehand and you were talking. one um pilot begets a follow on, right? and so um you could also say reconnect as a pilot just at a a slightly grander scale. so, i think going into the next budget cycle, it would be helpful to be thinking through

kind of the next step as we start seeing the revenues from reconnect and connect 2 hit the books, how we are going to use that kind of paying it forward to either expand access to those programs or to use, you know, as a revenue adder to other existing programs. just understand how we are going to continue to

build on that success. um so that we can be every year kind of expanding opportunity, you know, using it to to get more and more. um so that was number one. number two, um we you as you mentioned before, dr. han, we uh had some pretty um aggressive conservative um budget assumptions when we approved the budget in

the spring. um, and just i want to make sure like this this is a good idea, but i want to make sure that we do not kind of chunk away at potential in additional than planned revenue 1 million at a time. i think it would be helpful in the near future to have kind of a holistic view

of, you know, some of the um program oriented spend that was cut at the last minute or um some of the deferred maintenance high regrets that we had to cut because we were nervous about revenues this year. so rather than chunk one, you know, this program here, that program there, let us take a slightly more holistic view

about where either we would want to invest or potentially even where we'd want to reduce the tax rate. um, so that we are taking a more programmatic approach to allocating that the hopefully excess revenue that we will benefit from. well, the only concern i would have there, and i understand what you are saying, and there'll be paragraph

two after i get this first one out, is we should not really be using reserves for operational costs. so that i cringe a little bit when you say deferred maintenance because that is sort of an operational cost unless it was, you know, a building caught on fire, a big emergency, something crashed and burned, we would need those

funds. um, the other point i will make going out here on a limb, we are starting to plan for the fy27 budget cycle now because we want to start it much sooner and gather inputs in a more holistic way so that when the board sees the budget, they see all parts of it at first. and we will

emphasize it is very drafty. it will change over the months, but you will have a whole view over several months that you can feedback on. we will present it again, feedback on, present it again. so you have a chance to work on the whole thing al together. i think that'll give you a great opportunity to see this

weave in. yeah. just just one response. um i appreciate your concern about continuing to dip into the the reserve balance for operational items. i am 100% in agreement with you on that. and the more that we can use this moment in time to pivot ourselves toward using revenues for operating cost versus dipping into to the revenue b

or reserve balance, that would be a good thing. so, thanks for calling that out. thank you. thank you, madam chair. thank you. yes, your mic guard. um, i i really like that y'all are taking an innovative approach to this. i i i am really i am excited about and i like the fact uh like trusty chie said

that it is a pilot program that we can see how it goes and really and that we are measuring results. i expect nothing less from you uh uh miss han because you know we want to see exactly what is working, why it is working and all of that in order to make things broader. so, uh, i am

very pleased with this presentation because it is something new and something that is really going to help our students directly. thanks. well, i am also um glad to hear that, you know, we are trying to do something for our students and helping them uh because we have been out there in the community and uh again, the number

one concern is how are they going to be able to pay their their fees and um so i am just um if we approve it, then how soon or how are we going to reach out to the students so that they can so they can take advantage of this and is our the different personnel at the all

the college going to know this information so again how are we going to reach out to the students to inform them of it i can yes chancellor thank you very very much is through our strategic communications and marketing plan in fact starting immediately uh dr. deal uh mr. um duplantis and other members of the team will start

working with the college uh vice presidents, deans and presidents to start looking at the outreach that can be done in order to address the students. and then of course there will be a decision that will be made as we collaborate whether or not it is 500,000 for the first semester, 500,000 for the next semester or whether or

not they want to launch all of that at one time. and so we will share that information with you also on the wab. but this will be decided upon and we are going to move forward expeditiously the same way we did with reconnect as well. and we have already found out from the community town hall meetings or

the partnership meetings, pardon me, from those community partnership meetings that there are students who are eager to enroll. if they are asking now about houston reconnect, how can i be a part of that right now? and so i am really absolutely confident that with this new initiative that we will not have difficulty getting students who will be

interested in going into these programs for the short-term credentials of value. and that will be working through our colleges and through the advisory committees because we are certain also based upon our discussions that there are advisory committees with the various companies that we work with that would be more than delighted to help identify and recommend persons who

work at their companies to take advantage of this opportunity. thank you. um really excited about it and you know i know when i ask a question it opens up more questions but i need to find out on this the transportation could you give us an idea of how transportation's going to help i know we have been reaching

out uh trusty vanderbilt and myself have been reaching out to metro so is this going to be part of it to help absolutely wonderful yes and of course there is a flyer that was developed that will be going out the cec met on monday and approved approved the plan. so, you cared to address that. dr. horn, would

love to. would love to. as a matter of fact, i had reached out to the metro contact on her vacation and she answered. so, that was a good thing. we were waiting for them to develop a contract since this is a new program for them. they were not quite ready for us to be as ready as we

are. we originally started out, i will be really brief, with a $69,000 cost. everyone in a group felt that was maybe excessive. we reduced it to $23,000. so a 66% cut. we did that in a collaborative way. um what it amounted to was the six colleges, the brickandmortar colleges, each would get batches of a 100red discounted cards.

we would now the difference is students got a discount previously under the old plan. they would still get a 50% discount under the new plan, but we absorbed the cost of activating the cards $2 each and and subsidizing or sponsoring the card. so this amount of sponsor sponsorship we limited compared to our first view. so students would

get four free rides with that discounted card. it would follow the same implementation plan that we used for the old q card which is already in place. so we are ready to go. we are now just waiting for a contract approval through through legal. we are ready you. any other questions, concerns? not then we are ready to

vote on item a, approval of funds for the connect to workforce i trusty davies received. yes, i did. i am uh waiting on trusty okay. received. the motion passed unanimously with a vote of nine to zero. thank you. great. is there a motion to approve item b, monthly investment reports, financial statements, and budget reviews for may and

june 2025? so moved. second. it has been moved and second. dr. ford fischer will introduce the item. thank you very much, madam chair, members of the board. this item is recommended to the board to accept the monthly investment reports, financial statements, and budget reviews for may and june of 20125. and with your permission, madame chair, i will

ask dr. han to provide an overview and respond to questions. dr. thank you everyone. i will be really brief here. uh, basically, we are doing well financially. we are ahead of the game in terms of revenue and expense both. we are at roughly 83.3% of the year completed as of june and we have um 96% of expected

revenue based on the budget. so that is wonderful. although state appropriation payments are a little slow coming coming in, uh we are still getting what we need to get by. likewise on expenses, 83% of the month of the year complete, only 75% of the expenses used up. that is not an advertisement for the group. let us just

report. um, so we are doing well in terms of income statement and the operating fund one. there are no great variances to be aware of. we may have a little bit of additional cost at some of the colleges only because their programs are are blossoming. welding in particular uses more supplies than originally anticipated in the budget because

they are doing very well. so, i really cannot complain. any questions at all about income statement? okay, i will keep rolling. oh, question. trusty sh. yep. just just wanted to confirm. so, the uh the outstanding state appropriation funding that came in in the month of july. so, it it did it was a little late. we got 15.7

million in july that was supposed to be here in june. um we are expecting a tiny little dollop of $46,000 in september because the state had to recalibrate the amount of supplemental payment we would get. their math, not ours. um, and so this year we have received $68.7 million of total appropriation. yep. okay. and then second question

is there is a pretty big variance on the um which one? nope. yep. it was the investment portfolio. so is are is is that additional spending going to hit between now and the end of the fiscal year or are we pretty much where we are at and just going to expect to see that variance? that that'll probably

persist. it was um we had roughly 30 million $32 million to spend uh 9.7 million of vendor payments, 700,000 student refunds, $20 million of payroll to cover. you are welcome. um and then 1.2 million in payroll taxes. so that we needed the funds for that purpose. and so uh that squeezed us a little bit in terms of

the investments. we are expecting to see i am expecting to see another uh fund mature, another bond mature in september. that will be 10 million. so, that will be coming. and then last question, um just swag. are we still kind of in the 10 million revenue for the year? yes, i am might be nibbling away a little

bit here and there, but close. okay. thank you. trusty wilson. um, our interest expense on the debt was about 1.5 million for the month. um, i do not have that handy, but i could verify it for you. it is on page one. yes, but i do not have that right in front of me. and do you know

what our uh principal payment is monthly? i do not. is dawn here? she is not. come on up, don. don stevens, the abc. thank you. good afternoon, everybody. um to answer to your questions, we do not make monthly payments. we are due to make another payment on the end of this month, august, on the investments on the

um bonds. i am sorry. that was a semianual. i am sorry. i could not hear. oh, i was just saying that we do not make monthly payments on the bonds. our next payment is due at the end of this month which is quarterly or is it a six month or when they come due or semianual? semianually they

come due. well, how much is it for six months? i can divide by six. i do not have it. i do not have not want to give you the wrong number. i do not have that handy, but we could get it for you. what what i am getting at for the board is i would like to see

the day when this institution, you know, when i first came on, we had about a billion dollars in in debt and we paid it down to about 400,000 or 400 million now. that is our outstanding debt. i'd like to see us get that paid off and instead of paying 1.5 million a month in interest, we put that

in the bank for a building program and for a deferred maintenance program rather than paying i know the bond uh selling attorneys do not want to hear me say this, but i'd like to see it where we got in a position where this board and this institution could run on a cash basis and we could finance everything

uh inhouse and we get uh to that position that would be a wonderful position for financially for this institution. that is what i am getting at. it is just a matter of getting enough fund reserves to pay it all off at once. that is the issue. so, you know, and there is, you know, i know some of

them come due and you cannot pay them off until the due date and all that, but yeah, uh increasing our fund balance and that so we can pay this total debt down and become debtree and then not have to pay interest for stuff. thank you. i would love to include that as if i am allowed to in

the budget next year. well, no, but you were reading my mind as perhaps a guiding principle. i am going to be asking you all for guiding principles. i am going to be proposing some that you can react to and you can add to during the conversation in september so that as we roll out our advanced speedier budget

cycle for fy27, we can include those comments and then make sure what we develop aligns with what you are looking for if we can afford it. looking forward to seeing it. okay. thank you, chancellor. well, i i think dr. han has summed it up. i think what you have just said, trusty wilson, is something that we desire

as well and that we want to move toward and that we will move and accomplish because i think we all feel the same way. there are so many needs and to have the debt that is constantly uh bedeviling us is something that is really preventing us from doing some of the magnificent things that we know are are

really going to serve our community and our students well. so with that, what i'd like to ask is whether or not with the other request if we could get that information and send it to you via wab. yes, please. thank you. glad to do it. uh trusty davis, did i hear you? yeah, dr. i i was trying

to just get clear. were you inferring that not using debt is now a guiding principle or you would just add in comments and you would solicit other thoughts from other trustees about utilizing debt or well i was suggesting that we have a couple of guiding principle principles we have put together after my whopping eight months here and

the other staff members on the team and we would propose those as examples of guiding princip principles because we want to start out with that for the fy27 budget cycle. we want to have the guiding principles. we want to have some guidelines for what it is we are building so that we know we are meeting the needs

of our customers and our stakeholders. so that was just i was just noting it as a possible addition to that laundry list. it is by no means complete or you know exclusive. i would just re certainly i would just retort that this trustee is not of the position that not utilizing debt should be a a guiding principle

as based on what uh i know and i am not saying that other than the simple fact i think financing tools should all be available at our disposal and we have to be able to on a casebycase basis analyze and determine what uh funding mechanism we should apply. so i would want to register my dissension with a

unilateral approach or declaration of principle that says we do not utilize debt. okay. heard you noted. i i will still be providing a list that we can all react to and build out from pluses and minuses. we can remove items, add items. it is very early for fy27 planning, but thank you for your thoughts on it. thank

you. we are now ready to vote on item b, monthly investment report, financial statement and budget reviews for may and i got her. voting has concluded. the motion passed with a vote of nine to zero. thank you so much. thank you. thank you board. board members, thank you for your attendance. thank you for going out into the

community. thank you for your hard work and uh and going to the partnership gatherings that some have happened, some are coming up. and i want to wish everyone a great school year. i know we are going to be starting on the 18th of august. so that is before the next board meeting, but we all wish you well.

good luck. bring those students in and let us have a great year. and again, uh have thank you. and we are hearing the thunder out there. so, safe travels and going home. and we will see you at the next event, next meeting. thank you. meeting is adjourned at 4:59 p.m. wow. 4:59. can we do a resolution for

emily at the board meeting? for sure.
