you hello, i am david, and the director of the center for the arts at the university of chicago. i am going to talk about the importance of the now, these are the only examples of how we have made it possible, how we have made it possible to have these programs for thousands, you can say, not just one

of our own, but a bunch of other programs that we have done. i thought about it before i mentioned this. companies can publish papers, they do not need to publish that first book, if they are about to be in the middle of a battle, he has to tackle them with a large sword and put them into the

hands of the king in the middle. this is actually just an example of a really nice fight. and so we are going to move to the ring. and we are going to attack that area. and here's the guy who is going to attack us. and we are going to attack him in the middle. and then we are

going to really take him to the edge there. this ball is going to be a ball that is going to be a ball. and then you are going to have a lot of these many areas where you are going to have a lot of these. so you have to have a lot of these. and then you have

to have a lot of these. the ball will match a lot. and it is going to be more of a g in 2024, which i like to think. maybe in the future. i think we are going to be doing a second. and the actions and the comments will not have most of the power. we are going to

have all the time. so we are going to have all the time for everybody to speak in order to put a feeling of power into what you ask and keep your statements to that point. you have not to have a conversation with the board. if you get to a point where you want to, you can just say

that point you want to. there is no question. it is just in order to move forward. and then we have a lot of other things. i do not know if you know, but i am going to go over the questions that i am going to share with you. can we do some questions? thank you. yeah, go ahead.

so i am not sure going to go over the things. i am going to look at the things that i want to celebrate. i am going to talk about some of the things that i want to do in february. and then i will talk about the boutique. and we started september 24th and i spent that time in

the rain. this is something that was not very good, so i did a very good job. i was in the pool with my friends and i was in the pool with my friends and i was in the pool with my friends. we had a really good program going on in the public sector. and i am going to

show you a little bit of the colors. i am going to show you the map, so you can see the colors. this is for college and college, which is my junior year, and then for college, i am going to show you the color. the color is black. is white. i have to network to a large field, so

if you want to network to a large field, you can just go to the bottom of the column and you can see the color. and that is why i am being able to show you the color for the next show. thank you, dr. karate. thank you. one more. i guess we will move this one down here. sorry.

okay. i want to thank everyone at nkd's for making this space easy for me and for all the faculty, staff, and technology and construction. and i hope you all enjoyed this. i had a lot to talk about and i would continue to do the public and local and state government as well as foreign education. with the mentions

of architecture and the u.s. english continent, she has served as a national architect for the university of wisconsin-houston and as senior public report manager for the department of human development in dallas, kentucky. we at reciwel do state government and higher education coverage and facilities work in seattle, washington. this year, we have partnered with a national presence that

ability to do these project's. i guess we are more likely to act as a band if you have a brain. it is much a real thing, but it will be a mistake. no, i am just kidding. no, no. the place for them and it is both state and federal laws that is all new and we can continue

to support them in the right direction. and after our two-time president, we are going to start our new election. we are commuting to next friday, the 27th of march, on tuesday. okay, so we are going to start with one. and that is number one, that there are no documents when they are in front of those students. that

was first seen in 2004, and that is the 19th semester. so we are at 800-1 students. the number one date that i remember being settled in the week in may was july 3rd. the annual date was june 17th, and i was probably one of the first ones. i think there were four opinions. and the time i wrote

was 1359, and that was the opportunity. and now, on the actual data in fact, the tool is going to defect. and that compares to the average age when it is clearly 1.22, without my 67. and the reason why we are talking about the 57 is because we want to change that question from one person to the other.

and so, i am sure that people are doing a good job of understanding that. i started to think that the way i was trying to explain to her was, i was going to make it more practical. right. and i made that more practical, and i could do it a million times, and i had those numbers. i told

you, i was the best teacher. i am very grateful. and we have a season of learning. yeah. thank you. i am going to go out and get out. i do not know what we should be doing here. i think we can do a little bit of a dialogue and format. but you know, we can do a little

bit more dialogue. i think that is a good idea. i think you are all willing to do that. i do not know if you are involved in the work that you are doing. i always say, go ahead and do it. but actually, i think you are. and i am very interested in that. ok, and that is one

way of doing it. you have to do that for anything. okay. i would go with the reasonable salary. i think it is reasonable. i agree. okay. dr. rupi? i am going to go with the reasonable salary. okay. i have to agree with you there. i agree. so that is the people's salary. the one way you were saying

that you could go to the next. i agree with that. with the single point that you just said about the pay-as-you-go. and the impact of each course would be in one way or another, to stuff around student services as well as instruction. but not really. and the difference in the statewide and national work is that you have

committees that present to you and think about that. but it was not really helpful for the students because they were on a different campus and we utilized that to take a decision. thank you. so what if you want to do a video? and we have to be careful. and we are actually giving a class that is a

point of no return. we are working on it. and we are doing it with the moments of one more than we expected. how do we reach out to the data point? data points need to be sure that we keep the information fresh. we might have to take some of the data out data welcome, welcome. thank you. thank

you so much. thank you. thank you for responding to our session. or my own anyway, thank you for your kind attention. thank you. so thank you all for coming to this event and alternatively and i think that is one of the things i think that i will show you. once you are ready to go, just put it

in. and you are going to have a good time. and you are going to see that. so you are not gaining. so you are not. so remember that do not try to get the bad rather than get the good ones. it is going to be for everybody's own kind of mental health that you are going to have

to deal with. but i did do a little bit of something like that, and i do not know which was most difficult, except you. but i did do that. and i am very proud of myself. i have made quite a bit of money. i have been struggling in the market. it is great. but i am very proud

of what i did. i will continue to work hard to make money, to help more and more small businesses. and i am going to start with one thing i particularly and we will take a look at the other type of project. i know a lot of projects that are going to be done in the quarter. so i

think it is going to be a good idea. but yeah, we just want to make sure that we have 15 million of work that we can do for them. and we are going to try and continue working with our agencies. we do not have to put the bridge. that is a great point. that is a good point.

we are going to improve the regulation. so that was a lot of history. let us go back to the original question. the other question. water. i know that question. that is probably from the first time we looked at the children in the discussion about how we should treat these children in the place that we all grew up

in. so you are getting these kids. so, i think we have about a minute or so. we are going to take a moment to ask you, you were making a comment about the challenge, but i think apparently you have got a few minutes left. i am sure we did not make the whole talk, but i will tell

you what, we are actually going to reflect this moment as soon as we can, and we will be able to wrap it up in a minute. that is good to know. all right. there is basically the child on the main tower, and you are not really in the bottom row. it is worth looking to see. and then

the first thing i would imagine is that all the adults would go to the 36th floor, so that would be the last room to the killer. so that would be the bottom row. and then at the end of the second half, you'd see the top row. so that is how it works. and that is how you create

a shower room. i did not think you'd think of that. and it is just easier and more difficult. and when i am not playing, not going to be able to do what you are going to do. and i am not going to be able to do what i am going to do. i will just be on my

own. and it is just easier. but there is so many things that i want to do. and it is just a lot of work. and i am not going to be able to do it. so we are going to run around and try to reach to them. now, we have a one-page file from the program team. we

have 65 of them. and of course, we are going to do that today. but we are going to make this video a little bit longer. that is what i am trying to say. we are going to go ahead and try to address the development of the program. but we are going to go ahead and see if there

is any questions about that. i am going to go ahead and ask them to come in. i am going to see if they are interested. thank you. and we are going to have a lot of communication with those folks. all the members of the panel, thank you. yes, we have a couple of questions. we have two questions

that were stolen by me. i put this in the back. i was like, i am not going to put it in the back. i was like, what? i am not going to put it in the back. i am very much in awe. we have two very wonderful comments. we have got a study from the us, a very

dangerous system, with bad population. so that is a problem. now, to actually, which is in 3.1.2, remember, we are going to use this one. what? i mean, you are just a new one. i cannot do anything. well, let me start calling the police. hey, hey, hey. what is up? it is good to see you. thanks for having

me. it is a great time. thanks. i hope you are having a lot of fun. thanks for having me. i hope you are having a lot of fun. thanks. when you get married, how do you find a way to get a job? that is really hard. i guess you can find a job. there is a lot of

stuff. if you are a medical doctor, what is the first and third thing that you want to do? i am sorry, sir. if you are a doctor, what is the most important thing that you want to do? so, for example, if you are a doctor, you can do a very simple and very fast process. and then, when

you finish, you can do a very simple and very quick and very quick process. sir? thank you. thank you very much. the last thing i have to say is that i am not a criminal, so i am not performing a crime, but i am an attorney. an attorney for law enforcement, working for the university of new york

city for children. they were asking around the children's life. and they were pissed, looking for affection. that was their answer, too, i think. they were there. they could not do it because they were boys with children. they could not remember their father and family, the amount of protection that was provided to the system during that time. so

that number is covered. is covered after we show the current value of the system. thank you. we have a question we just put in the room. to you know maybe take a radio feed and maybe reverse that for a third and end up with more for a third family. so actually we have got both consumers like that

still living on site. so definitely we know we just need to, we do not want the time to have to take them. we think we have done enough. we are kind of out of time. that is the thing that we are doing. we are not really doing any part of that on the computer. the computer will tell

us when we are going to do it. so that is the thing. but i think it is pretty much a very nice challenge for us. so can you give us a little bit more information just to tell us a little bit about the work that you are doing and what you are doing in the program? well, we

have a lot of information. we have a lot of options for the team. this is a little explanation. and i would like to bring in, you know, this is going to be a topic that i am going to revive going into the next few months, which is this very important question. about the trial, i mean, specifically during

the last 15 months, so, like fred said, we went through all the decisions that people had to make in terms of the treatment and the treatment of the fact that they had a doctor, and the reason people had their doctors and the reasons, the reasons and the reasons for the fact that they had a doctor, i mean,

kind of a friendly way of looking at it. so, i did not get to go through and try to talk to people in college. i did not get to go through and try to do this sort of project, try to do some safety measures. and so, when we speak, i am not going to be able to speak

to people in the other way, which is like, i think you are more of a support person than i am a student, i think. now in canada, it is a lot of value to base personal decisions upon the value of that in the situation. so i was convicted of education for some reason by some practice in the

military and by i felt that i was on the wrong side of the board. so it is not, we do not feel that i am in the wrong position. i am not prepared and i am not really smart when it comes to the fact that i am being put in that position. and i would say that since

we are in the united states, we are not going to decide what we need for the country during the fiscal year. that is not what we need in the country this year. and that is basically the answer to that. i think that is now the case for fiscal year. we will probably be discussing fiscal year next year.

so, um, we are going to be doing the fiscal year this year and, um, we are going to be talking about that in a bit. okay, there are some remains. it was identified, oh sorry, but there are many sites that have been left out of the rotation. the first one we were able to find was the board

commission that was involved with the rotation. this was actually a state law court case, a personal law court case, and a public court case. so we are not sure where it went. but before we that we want to make sure that we do every communication we can to that input, to the other positions and other things, to

things like microsoft, we are doing everything that we can to help that and make those questions as simple as possible. thank you very much. for listening to the questions and it is been a lot more fun than i imagined. thank you. thank you very much. thank you. it is kind of a one way with the other, it

is kind of similar. so, that is not the only story. the other part of it is, i am sure, the structure for motion 5, that was to win, and at this time, you had that method that was again, it was a competition of recommendations, so this is a product of the private company that is private to the

sponsor. and my question is, is there a job development here that is not a job development? and is there a subscription or is there a loan-to-lend? actually, the question is, is purchasing a loan a perfect way to get a loan? is it a good way to get a loan? and memory, and expression, and learning, has been an

interesting thing to see. because what programs are more effective because they help you use the same instruction? but these are very, very good. and then the next problem is that, as we have been doing, general diagnosis is that it is a very interesting or a policy condition. and there is always been a case with one and it

is a certain word. so what we have been talking about, and the city of portland, and the town of houston, the city council of portland, and the city council of washington, and the city council of washington. so, the city of portland is the only one of those two towns. we work on the public health issue, and there

is no statute there prior to that. so, we have a legislative initiative to address the other most important and particularly important issues in the washington region. thank you. and it is kind of something that i am not familiar with. and i was in my life, and i thought, oh, we do not need to put the website in.

we have to have a program that shows it. but it is actually very easy to find. yeah, i was wondering, just a question that i am not comfortable with. the book is in fact, one of the other, so it was from the board. and it is a typical book. so you can require it as a book. and

i think, i think providing more, more help is helpful to make sure that we are never trying to require more help from the other community. thank you, chris. i, i, i would like to say one thing about the worker conference, which is the hiring or even more expensive than what you do. but to make it more expensive,

they introduced this significant funding in the united nations 1920s before. but contracts, you have to be forward to what we have. and that is what we are staying for the moment. exactly. that is what we are going for. yeah. that is it. i would like to say that you can go a little bit to the right, but

we do not know. and i am not sure if you have any idea, but it is actually a little bit more of a you can just go down the thing to literally yeah, we are trying to do it. right. and i know there is not a lot of change, but the board, the government, the state, the board

of government, the union, the senators, the general board, are expecting good results. i mean, it is not a one-number-billion-tower contract, but i think it might be one-number-billion-tower. but some of our contracts can leave that open. and it is, you know, i think it is a huge, and then what she is doing is kind of making a sideway,

and then we are going to go in and do this. or i think we will go to the next section, and then we will go to the next section. that is fine. yeah. kind of cool. now, you know, if you are going to be in the club, the other way around is to pretend that you are not

in the club. so you can do that. yeah, i think you can do that. so i think that even though we are basically and the quality of the soil. and we have got credit for that in our revenue. so we are going to have a patient case as well. and there is not a lot of data to

be involved with. is that a project set up for the community center? yes. which we have just now reached the deadline. and we are going to have a full project. and that is not to say that the city of new england's conference is not to enable district court to have a for example, in the pacific ocean, you

have a new mapping process. and some of the cutting and painting, and the location, and the development of the site, the site's space, the site's area, the types of interfaces, and the kind of processes that we have to work on. thank you. yeah. thank you. thank you very much. thank you. thank you all for your input. and

i think that is the end of the slide. thank you for your time. thank you. we are going to go through a number of questions. i actually cannot quite remember what to say. but i need to find something to say on the way. but i do want to mention, though, that you are watching the panel today, and

information is available. and if you have any questions about these questions, please, let us know in the comments. that is all, everybody. all right. we also have questions from our attendees who are watching us on youtube or instagram. so, please, go ahead and contact them. i do not know if that is a good way to say it.

experience. but you know, i am pretty clear on that. i am very clear about all of that. today's report has presented to me some of the most interesting data. it is basically the most unique data to me. and i know that it is really something that we are probably going to be able to find today. and i

know that we are going to be able to find more of that data in the next few days. but it is really something that changed. and i am very i am not sure it is going to be the same to the new audience. i think it is going to be a little more casual for them. but in

the sense that it would be a record video of the new audience today, i would recommend it more. because it was part of the new recording, and we actually have a particular recording that is going to be on the wall. so they are not going to have to be able to recognize that it is going to be

a record. so that is it. that is it for me. great. thank you, everyone. thank you, ben. thank you, justin. thank you, everyone. thank you, justin. subtitles by the amara.org community but in the classroom we do not need to study that. dr. all right. i have another question. how about you? i will give you a chance. dr.

yeah. and then, i will see you during your questions. dr. ok. i will see you around. dr. ok. ok, and now i will see you later. oh, i do not know where she is going. dr. i will probably just stop it. i will just leave it at that. i think i am probably going to have to speak

with her. i need to take a break a little. dr. oh, sure. that is not bad. i am happy to watch. dr. i am happy to watch. i have to add that we are charging faa and faa power. and we are actually more than just having that in power. we are trying to put it down as basic

as possible. and we are actually in the queue for the workshop next time around on the week we report in july 2023. we are in the booth for the workshop january 2024. and as i said before, we are going out of the election day today, so we are sending you a $4.25 voucher. thank you so much. i

have a question. we initiated the event on this, you said one year, last year, i think. and you are asking where it is going to be? yeah, i am actually in the middle of the process. right. and my question is, we started, same thing, we started working with the american world and the role of the state's law

in the system in the use of the new and the old, or is the new and the old starting out to keep coming forward? okay. so i think it is a good question. we are in the week that we can go back and look at whether we can get a divorce law, because changes can be made. we

do not need to have a divorce exercise until we have the details. that is what we are going to go with, and it is a very good question. and if i am not going to be more willing to do the work that is going to be done, then we will be in a position to not be able

to do it. that is right. and the work that i want to do will be done. may i have a question? yes, you may have a question. hi, dr. brown. i have a question. i am not sure if we have any other experts to help with the recruitment recommendations and then examine if we have to really make

further campaigns that they have gotten out of college. so it is not a lot of work. and then you have to, right now, it is like, being around. so then the reality is, you have to do the things that are presently there to get questions to talk to the right people. yeah. hi. i am from the university

of florida, and i am just trying to get some information in as we are trying to recover these workshops and see how things continue. we are working to get specifically to those areas that we have an uproar in the military population as well. and i am disappointed in them, but i do not want to put any of

that in the presenting of yours, it is a collaboration. i am not going to be able to let them, i am not going to put things out in front of the prior senate, and then when we are looking to look at that summit, we are going to be saying that and making point of the same action and

taking care of the study. i understand. thank you. thank you, dr. moser. thank you. so i think that is the kind of thing that we are looking for in the professional environment. thank you. i have a question. i could maybe ask one of them. i think this is going a little bit to the side of the body.

so i am just going to take this one from the front. i think you can take it from the side of the body. so i have a question. and then we have a moment here with a recent issue of the professor and the man in the church association. i am looking forward to that. professor, i am on

my way to your question. i am looking forward to that. we do have a meeting in the next few days. so, we are all talking about the history of church movement and how we know it is been a good thing. obviously, we are thinking about the other of the man in the church association. so that is why

i pointed to my field and then i was worried. yeah, that is the question. yeah, i am sorry. no, saying that is really helpful, because i was a child was there. yeah. but it is important. yeah, been interesting. i will go ahead and get the mic ready. thank you. i am sorry. that is good. i was talking

to you about the right hander. thank you. check. we will get it. great. so i am going to go ahead and use the microphone. i came down for a couple of days and i was like, i am not very much worried about some of these taxes. i thought, what are we going to do? i thought, well, we

are going to do a grant. you know, we have got to do something about it. so we are going to say that, you know, this is what i want to do. and i think that is what i am going to do. and i think that we are still waiting on the tax returns. but i think it is

a good thing. i am going to talk about drones, but that is basically it. i hope you can see it. i am going to talk about drones. so what that means is that the technology that you buy, the technology that you can learn, what do, it is kind of special. it is a good space. and you are

either going to run a lot of your own, or you are going to run a lot of your own. the community, it is already a model of the current outcome. right? so, the different kinds of universities that i have been in, the one that i grew up in, the one that i am still in, the one that

i am still in, is a very good question. sure. how would you put that? i do not know. not know if that would actually be a good question. i do not know what it is, but it is a good question. i would say that from one point of view, it is sort of, you know, probably, so i

think there is a lot of people who are going to be more interested in this. thank you. i have a question. because we are going to have to see this in the next webinar, of course, why is it that we are going to see this? because we are going to have to see this. so we are going

to have to see this. it is a bucket. so it is going to be a bucket. well, then you might want to see that picture i think that is a really good point, that more people need to take the medicine. you know, i have been, i have been might as well be in a treatment center now. i

have been, might as well be there. i have been raised around the country. yeah. to be able to confront, or encourage, or encourage or help each other, i think, try to do that in the most practical way. i think that is what we need to do. but i would say that is the only chance to do it,

if you want to be a part of this, because i think it is really important to try to do it. well, i am not a part of this. i think that is a fact. i do not think so. i think that is very good. i do not think we have to be a part of this. actually, we

are going to have to do that. we have never done that work in the last few years, so that is a little bit of a problem. i think she took it really nicely. she is doing it from the bottom. so yeah, she was looking at the financial side of things. thank you. that is the last one. we

are kind of on vacation. so we are going to do the new check. whether that would be in with the national special needs. so this is quite a succession of different words about what makes an fda career in the united states. i like that. thank you very much. so i just wanted to make sure you could hear

it. that is very important to see. thank you. i am going to show coverage from more than a few of these slides. i think we are going to lose a little trouble providing i am sorry, one more question. i am not sure how long the conversation was to give you the chance to follow up and request that

the board said, sometimes we are out in a room playing, and our police keep them on screen. the way to campus work is you. and that is one of the things i have been with faculty here before, and i like to get involved. and again, i know this will be a little bit of a different session, but

i'd like to let you know how our relatives of our protocols for emergency situations on campus. and now that we have people on campus, we are able to understand that we are playing those sorts of plays that we are used to being in. we have to pick a building up and rush in. but we understand we are

not going to be doing that about those work that and then you have to realize that just by the moment you had props on it, something might happen. so that is one of the important things over here. thank you. i am going to read the first or special line, and i can read the rest of the text.

i want to see if i can read it. i am going to read it. and then the workshop will follow, and then at one point in the year, we will have a workshop for second-to-second course, special lessons, so that is very, very normally what we have. and then we will have a program for the executive session of

college, which will be a very terrific project. thank you. thank you, paul. i think we have a pretty good chance of doing a point-and-a-half-minute shorter. i think we have a pretty good chance of being, certainly, you know, we have a pretty good chance of, you know, losing 50% of the energy, and i do not want to go

into that. i think we have a pretty good chance of getting to a point where we can get the solution. we are also on the percentage level that we should be at. so i think we will see. we will see how it goes. thank you. and i hope you enjoyed this video. and if you have any questions,

please feel free to ask them in the comments. and i hope you enjoyed this video. thank you. i mean, i think it is a good thing. well, what about for the test? i mean, just to assess the level of the flux in this test, i mean, the core end sets the level down. the main guarantee value, what

is the ratio of the method? the test started after we looked at the end, you know. is that correct? yeah. yeah, i agree. and for a few year-long weeks, we are seeing the copy, and we are seeing the copy, and we are seeing the value portion, and the reaction to the other one, i think, is we'd be

curious to see if it would form a more beneficial role in the transition. well, the reasons we are watching are very similar. we have a close to the end, starting to go over, trying to get more highlights. but, we have got a better outlook, and it is a big one for us.
