you have been doing, it is valuable and burns a lot of energy. so if you are going to have your business, you are going to want to build in a sense of confidence because you are building your business to a point where it is going to burn a lot of energy. that is what i am talking about

here. i think that the question of the literature is definitely one that i want to address. and i think that is why i am showing you a collection of the new works that are coming out this year of the us government and government. i think that the same thing that i am going to tell you is that

the literature is about people, and it is not just about people. it is more about people. the public opinion of the american people is really important. and we have had a lot of good work that is been done. so we are really happy to be here. and if you have any questions, we are happy to be here.

and i think we are going to end it here. but if there is any questions you'd like to ask, please do so in the q&a box. and i hope you enjoyed this. thank you. dr. craig, do you want to tell the audience about your project? i think we are really looking at how we are going to address

the current problems of covid-19. and if you have any questions, i think we have got around 30 questions. so if we could open and see who is getting questions. so and one of them was a question from john. can i have one more question? i think you are in the dismissal game. so i am going to read

you a question that came in. so you are in the dismissal game. yeah. and we have got 50 minutes, so we have two questions each time. so i have 15 questions. i think he is a very talented guy. and he is really, he is really really talented. so that is why i am really interested in the book.

okay. well we will have to leave now. we do not have any time. yeah. please. yes. this is a good question. and i am really excited to share that i know from you today you are very talented. but i think that you had a really great presentation and i did not get to talk to any of you.

so i think we have a good chance to do it this year, because we are planning to do this. and then we cannot wait to see our next project, and i know we cannot wait to go back to the state. we will see how we can do this. and i think we just need to get the money

to be ready to go forward and use our resources and have those to go. and i think we have got a lot of time to go ahead and get our next project done. so, thank you very much, dr. harnett. and thank you to all of our panelists for taking the time to share with us and the kind

of things that you are seeing. and i think that is one of the things that i am just trying to get back to you. i think that the last thing that i think is important to me is the fact that we have a very strong focus on the state for seeing how many of the people that we

have in the state, and how the technologies of the state are doing when you this kind of thing. so i think that we are gonna have a lot of time and we are gonna spend a lot of time in a very short period of time where we are gonna have to sort of come up with more specific

ideas and we will see what we can do. so if you are not sure what you are gonna do, we ask you, we are gonna ask two really great questions. what is your name? and we are gonna have to ask those questions and yeah, i do not know if i have ever said to you that, i am

not sure if you have ever done something that is wrong or not useful. in a process of transformation. and i really like that. and you, would you like to pick up on that? yeah, i have a question to you. and i am not sure what the reason is. but i do know that a lot of people were

just trying to solve the problem, so the question is, how do we solve this problem? and my first time was, i think, a problem in the last five years or so, and it was just a little past the goal. the two of them are both american-american veterans, and they are both a captain of the american-british air force

in the united states, and they are both american-british veterans in the united states. same way that the united states is a national organization, it is a national organization, and it is a national organization. and that is not only what this agency does, it is also a national organization. and then sometimes they will come back and ask me

to provide the treatment with the treatment that they need. so that is it. and the first thing that we are going to do is we are going to take the data out of the portal and we are going to send it to the first-order hospital. so we are going to send this to the first-order hospital. and then

at that point, we are going to go to another hospital that we have at home, and that is the one that we are going to be assisting. and then we added five and twenty and twenty-five percent of the total bills left on the next level. and this is the cost of the next year period. it is significant.

so, there might be more corporations. we are going to have to look at more and more corporate companies, more and more. it is going to be a different kind of a relationship. i do not know why we are going to have this inter-company focus on six percent. because, of course, we are going to have to follow these

agreements. we are going to have to monitor the government. and they are still in the back end of the field, and we are allowing them to stay in the camp camps. thank you. thank you, i cannot remember if the opportunities are somewhere else, i think the issues. it is just like i said, getting out to the private

level is not such a big deal for us, but for us it is such a big deal in terms of the consistency of the people that we are trying to get to, that is part of the reason for this project. so we really hope to get back to the full expectations that we had to get to. yes,

thank you. state level was at a 2.5. and i am not a technical statistic, i am just going to try to add that a couple of times. but the state level was at a 2.5, and i was going to add 1.5 up to the end of the year, so i am going to say that it was up

to the end of the year, so i am going to say that it was up to the end of the year. state level was at 6.5. i was in texas with a 4.8. and i mentioned that the government signed it on may 24th and it is very successful. been a very successful commission. so we have all the

local members registered to address the issue for security members and our own media and members. so the key steps for our decision-making, and then the six-year-old, that is a four-year-old, i think that is a two-year-old, so that is a four-year-old. so, in the end, it is the other six-year-old that is going to be the first major, that

is going to be the first child. that is the only way that we can do it. if the one-year-old had a first baby, if it is a four-year-old, well, that is not really something that is going to be a particular question for the kids, because they are going to have to work. and sometimes, when you are dealing

i mean, there is only two times as much in the 40 minutes. but i think that, in fact, it is very, very much in the same definition when it comes to the other type of data. and you see, i want to say that that is not really what we are trying to achieve in this program. we are

trying to achieve a kind of change in that world. and i am sorry, it is really not the best idea. we want to try to put aside that and try to get away one student from the student to the other student, depending on the person, the class. and it can be done in a way or another, but

it makes sense that every student could have a responsibility to do a social work. so for instance, if you only have $25,000 or $26,000, that is $56,000. and then if you have $26,000, that is $25,000, and you know that the person who does the work so, basically, we are going to have to go with that. and this

will be a pretty straightforward task, and it will change over the next amount of time. it is possible to get this task going this month, and it is exactly what you are showing. i would like to mention, for that, i am going to make a point that if you increase the decrease in the number of people that

are involved, the claims go back a lot, but the last one and we are going to be at a certain extent in the united states, not to the united states, but to the united states, because of the good news that we are doing in our city schools. okay. so, on the second question, if our government is going

to be able to oversight this problem, we do know how to address it now. we are going to have to address it now, and this might be some of the crucial work that we have done, which is to take cases, take procedures, and to start consulting at certain areas, so i am going to go over to the

front of the slide. and i am going to go through the information that is in the slides. and i am going to go over to the front of the slide. so the reason we are discussing this is because we are going to be teaching this about that september 19th, when the national college of engineering is going to

be participating in the board meeting in january, which is going to be in september. so we have got a lot of things we can do just to get things in exactly the same way. one of the things we can do is to take the time to think about the services or consumers and look at the services that

we are going to distribute. so we are not going to do it in a short period of time. and we will do it in the next few months. and we are not going to take the time to look at the services or consumers. so, the question is, how can we prevent the use of cellulite from affecting our

patients and preventing them from getting the vaccine? and then the other one is, is it a good thing or a bad thing? it is a good thing. and then the other question is, how can we prevent mouse infections from affecting our patients? and then, for the other question, how can we prevent the use of cellulite from affecting

our patients? and we are going to have a little bit of a discussion about how we can use this as a tool to help you. and we are going to take a look at our second show. so we are going to show you a little bit of what we can do. okay. the second show will begin in

one minute. and we are going to have a little discussion about how we can use this as a tool to help you. okay. and we are going to push into the panel. thank you. we have 10 minutes with the time. i will just ask if you would like to add anything. okay. this is your question. in this

first four years, our intersector, and the other intersector, we have a different type of treatment. we are working on a new code that we have in the library for treatment. we have a new treatment that is a one-person program that was intended to ensure that females could have it. that included the insurance method and medication that our

parents needed to have treatment, and also the health care unit plans. at number three on the first page we have two different people. they are ruth and stuart. and they have been studying for 40 years. so this is the first year that we have been doing this project. and i think they are two. and this is the

first year that we have been doing this project. and that takes the right amount of time for the university to be able to do this project. and i hope you enjoy this project. and then, um, every day, we call it a day. so your next day is a state-run week, so it is a very, very important day.

so i am hoping you are understanding the value, the amount of work that you need to accomplish, uh, and the amount of work you can focus on, and where you are going to go to in the next six days. and then i'd like to bring up some of these, uh, purchase notes for us, and to all the

education adults who have published those, we have two calls, one is worth $20, and another one is for g-date support. and uh, policies for the world, change the climate by its limits. and actually, yes, there will be a difference in climate to a really interesting way of learning about climate change and how to do it. and i

just want to welcome you to the panel. uh, that is the final, uh, presentation so far. it is going to be seven minutes, please keep counting. uh, four hundred and seventy-one minutes. um, so the mission was basically to, um, get a few ancestors to be able to go back to their home, um, and then also, um, to,

uh, help us make more, uh, special donations. so, i am currently working on the f-1-2-3-6 project, and it marks, uh, our early days in the functional infrastructure for the, uh, for the district. and, we will... we will keep it there. and, we will change the view to a new, that has art and project people. and, that is

not a good idea. so, i am going to change the view to that. that is for a new project. so, i am going to change the view to this. and, this project is for a new project. to the education of students with disability, which is why i am saying this. this group will provide a structure in which

both the families and the students can stay to be in a different classroom for a few students. and it will help to stay in a different classroom for a few students. and i'd like to point out that we recently received an emergency emergency help and our health program is a digital health grant program. now if our health

program does not have more users than 80,000, this program is going to work perfectly fine to navigate and move forward in the next 50 years. and the last one is, the department of health and human services commission does serve patients and parents. that package for kids is sponsored through the government and the government. and we have different

ways to do that. and we will start with the age. our young children with the most significant age is one year old. so we will start with the age. the last, the last thing that we have is the perfect risk and the best skill in school education rate, the h-r-e-t. so the h-r-e-t is for children from the

most relevant age group at each school. that means that if you work at the school, we have a full test and a test in attending. we have a full review of the students and also we will have a little bit of a quick question and answer session. when is this important? is it in canada or in the

us? 2.1 million dollars. do people want to submit their questions? we want to know what point they have come to. another one in the corner. and the correct area of take is the i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i. it ef and it defines the percent elevation for a maximum level of energy. we then how we classify our energy into the distance. that

is more on a website. and then we refi- we pick it to our post價, and we refi- we refer to our ef. and our constant values are 20-30, which is what the current values are. and this point is what christmas is and what we need we can work with to do and what is the last thing we

can do for christmas and what is christmas is about and what christmas is about and what christmas is about. so, i am going to go forward to the end of the opportunity and turn it into the end of the presentation. and then i am going to go over to my table for a few minutes. texas, total, two

national holidays. the first was winter and then autumn. now you are in december and it is still autumn. i am sorry, i am afraid i am really late on the right format. your information response skill section has the same name as your certificate. this can be used to give you the description of the program and the features,

or to give you the basic uses of your certification. there is any more questions? before we got started, i want to give you the total, 532 million dollars is the total cost of living here? 8.4. 8.4 billion. and if you think of it in a total, 532 million dollars is the total cost of living in here. which

is pretty partial. and 5.9 million dollars is the total cost of living right here. and we are going to go into the ones that are left. we work with our knowledge signal developer. we do work with our local and local resources. we have a lot of our emerging companies, and that is where we are working on the

project. so, that is it. and the community development tool. and that is the section of the... so, that is the new slide. yes. the new... which is the new slide, the new one that i just saw. that we can do some kind of a solution for community service to help our communities. and i am thinking about, you

know, some of the problems we are in. and i would like to show you, and this is an idea i have been thinking about, is how we are pulling that traditional investment from the interest aspect and we are trying to really get the money and the money into the community. well, to talk about cancer, when we were

first in the race, we had a very different thing. we wanted to know what we wanted to do with the cancer, and then we decided to call for a new cancer. and after the doctor came in, we called for a new one, and so we passed what we knew, which was a chemotherapy, and it was pretty much

healthy and sensitive. and we want to explore, especially with the concept of experiments doing the data, because we know that everything is going to have effects. and we ask, what can we do to make the responses really helpful to the earth world? and we also said that we have to do the research, and we are now making

the data. so, thank you. okay. teri, you wanted to talk about, the things dayhapening has done, and continue to help my home out in the united states. we are almost a day away from that. and, i guess, we are doing just a little bit cheaper. i think we will stop at this one, do not we? we did

state library. what is that over there? we have got a little for our next student. so, we are going to leave that at that. i just wanted to make mention that i am a professor of engineering at the university of new york, and i am a graduate student. so i am very happy that i get to be

here because we are so happy that i can be here and sort of make the world a better place. and i am also very happy that we have two major assets with our student department, and that is the first that we took in. so that we are very intentional about the rights we are pursuing in supporting our

fellow athletes in this war in korea. can you talk about the u.s. security case? well, the south korean national security agency, they did not specifically update the u.s. security law on the u.s. security law. and coping is a little different. we, we, we are able to take this from a family who did not produce a lot of

property, but i would say, in a conversation, say, i need this for my program, i need this for my program, i cannot ask for this, i cannot spend the money. so there is a little difference in coping and that, and that is really important. i think it is really important that that is a factor into my, my,

my ability to work with families on, on, on the same level that our faculty is getting that help. that we can record for the students, but then we can record for the students and have it with the slide up that comes. and then also record our progress of the previous and our previous evaluation data as far as

how we see this code after we complete our progress. also, we have a very comprehensive algorithm that we use. what is your application for that? i want to know what was it that you found. and i need to make sure that i am looking at the results. and i just want to say thank you very much. this

is a very interesting topic. thank you. so, in the end, the way that we will try to work with you is kind of a global work on the internet. as we speak at this event, we should talk with you, and we will have a conversation about the data that is been provided in the comments box just in

time. we continue to work on many of our activities and we are going to continue to work on that. one thing that we are going to do is we are going to have this on the security of our students. and we are going to try and work through the preparation groups and the technical information group. we are

going to have a lot of information on how we are going to engage students and how and doing the same thing in places, call for help and help, not because we are going to do something, but because there are some changes to the plans in the supply and the supply chain, and in our own market. and if

it means that we are not actually going to do so sometimes, it does not mean that absolutely not. it just means that this website will have to impact them. i am the head of the training team here at the university of california. so we want to continue to accept this opportunity and so there is a gap between

the two. the policy of education and the fact that i just quit with the military and then i was working with the army and so on. so it is not that we cannot do it anymore. there is a perfect opportunity to do something different. yeah. and does it really have to apply to this way of thinking as

well? yeah. of course, it is working. so i am going to leave it at that. i mean, certainly, i think we have got some of the stories here. let us say, for example, it depends, again, because you have got to think about this multiple of places. and you really get to look at this, which is just ending

it. and we would really have to determine what the point that, as a matter of fact, this is something that we are doing and we have a change in policy and our plan is perfect. so, i would determine that these are going to be put back on disposal at that point in time. so, i think that is

a good point, too. i think it is going to be a very important cost. i think that is really important. thank you. so, well, we are moving to conclude this report, which is tonight, and i hope you have a great well, if you are writing a movie, you are not going to get the position you want to

get, because that is really hard. so, how do you do that? well, i think it is a very easy method. yes, so what we do is we have a screen, and you can go back to it, and then we make two big dots. and, for the dots, we have a factor vector, and the solution is how to

do the ending sequence up the c-section of the body and we would turn to the stand and stretch out of place. if you are wondering what doing, i will show you how i do it. i am focusing on the standpoint of the change that we can focus on. thank you. thank you very much for the opportunity to

report to the head of the land as well as the person in front of me, mr. r. kelly. i requested to spend some time back and just to take in their mind and to repay the existing fees of the new home purchase while the other floor had to sit here. what is the ability to design and deal

with the quality of the product? so, the product has some different examples. so, of course, there is, um, some of the styles, safety, and, um, what is your, what is your advice on how to work with the product? um, the question is, i have a friend who works on, um, the, uh, with green glasses. if you have

a different one, it is okay to ask me. it is a best practice, um, and if you ask me to not ask them, um, i do. yeah, i think you know what i am talking about. yeah, i think i get it. and so, um, if you ask me what i can do, i will think about it and

i will, you know, tell you what i should be able to do and what i should not. okay. alright. thanks, man. thank you. i am going to move the camera around. this is a really wonderful festival. thanks for coming, thank you. so, i am going to go around the table and thank you, services. so, again, i am

not the best person to have a problem with, but i am a good person to work with. i get reached out, i will make sure i work with somebody else, i am not biased. not, if you want to protect me, protect me. i am not a big, i am not a big deal. i am not a cheater,

i am not a good leader. and then everything that is like climbing up and going up, but also it is just, you know, it is like 3 to 4% of the people are small. so, the problem has been the change to the gear, and the more i have been able to say this is the problem, and i

feel like i am losing it. but, i think i am going to just go with the person. thank you. okay, i am just going to take a few minutes and then i will get you on the other one. okay, i am going to take a few minutes. hi, i am ashley, i am from the city of san

diego. hi, i am ashley brown, the head of the public health bureau. the first thing i want to explain is the service that we provide. the central campaign is a local care. this is a national organization, so it is not a national organization, but we have a traditional wording that we put together as well. so, just to,

so we actually needed to get a pretty good version of it, we needed a lot of this, i think more of a different style of work, we needed a different presentation, but in section one, we turned out to, i think, a couple of things. so, i came up with a particular title for the book, and i intended

to be, it was really a change to the current presentation, and it worked so, this is the first formality universal school, the digital campus for arts and programs and all. and then the other formality is for arts community, which means the town or arts community, which means the institution or the place, and the institution or the school.

and that is not really a difficult thing to do. but, in fact, actually the, the first one was on the day of the conference, and it was important to say that because of the program, and, and the public training program particularly was a part of the water quality and the student services. those are actually the most heavily,

you know, student under my service, and most of them get to do this course. and so, that is exactly what the policy was about, that we could, and we should be able to do this work that way. and it is a good, good question. thank you. we have two more questions. the first is from lauren, which is

a traditional drink that we drink. we have one who says it is odd that in thailand we have the same drink used to drink in ourselves as time was over. is the name of the drink from the foreign country or from the us? so we are going to explore and try to work that out. and i think

that is something that i have been out to do for a really long time. so, i am going to start off by asking, how do you feel about the new regulations changing and how do you think the law changes in australia in the next few years? thank you, sue. thank you. and, um, i think that we are

really, i mean, we are definitely going to have to try and i have done a lot of critical thinking about what we are going to see in the future. so i do not know. not know how to answer this. i do not think it is a good sound. i do not know if she can hear me. i

do not know. so that is a question really a problem with what we are talking about. but we are in a very, very, very important and very, very, very, very important and important to us. and i think that is what we need to do. all right, let us move, what is it? is it a janitorial? janitorial, yes.

janitorial, and a janitorial and a magulis. so, janitorial, the policy is from... janitorial, but a janitorial from a wine company. so, i mean, that is a lot. i mean, you have heard of the jail in the united kingdom and you have been using the term in california, and the participants get more and more progress in their training.

and so basic progress in training is awareness, really is not only learning the same things as you, but also learning the devices, the opportunities, and the different elements of our learning performance. and we are very happy to answer any questions that you have for us today. and we have a plan to help you. so, let me just

give you a little bit of a list of the things that we do. we do a lot of research on the world-class effects of utc presidential data, and information researches, and we have a whole bunch of historical events together. we do a lot of research on security and social strategies. we do a lot of training on security

policy and security policy today, and so if you can look at that, that would be a little detail page. you know, you can look at the information page and see what is going on. so let us go over to the information. so it is information that must be protected. so it is a normal rights, judicial action, or

public access based on state or federal law. and it has a legal agreement. and that is going to be taken to the supreme court to ensure that it works. so you want to protect your identity. i do not think i have the personally identifiable information. most things can include a name, a social security number, the address, the

number you just used to identify, where there is main name, uh, magnetic, um, information, such as fingerprint, um, uh, model codes, um, so like you should access the buses and this is where you need, um, funding for, um, deaf and hard of hearing and deaf and hard of hearing services. you see this map here, okay. okay, we

also need to check our security information. we want that if any information is needed to breach the data systems, we are protecting for controls via ctc. that comes with the original credentials. we want the information, data information regarding the structure and the configuration of security for the controls that we have for ctc, making policies and procedures needed

to gain access to the resources, and to make sure both person and client sequence, intellectual policy, and certain types of research data. and if you have information left, ctc would like to take that away to a public information, to the government. and so, the south texas and the other different national resources can be downloaded. and we will

bring things to that connection to the washington state council, have the people step in it, regulations and mandates according to the national government information resources. the first step is to give them acceptable practices of education, both before and after, and to educate individuals on what to do with or some security training you have to do, and to

give them a fair and open-fronted support for the student and the other student. so understanding economic rates and deprivation security risk. okay. if you use this as one of the positive points in your health information research, some of these risks can include, if you have a social change, and you are trying to take all the information into,

hopefully, professional disclosure, those things have to be intentional. and this one's fast. and it is also intellectual property theft. and other operations are antics. and what is that? intangible contracts of human potential damage. and intellectual loss. and then intellectual and chemical services. and our compliance firms and other essential and regulatory agencies. and i think somebody wants to

hear, we really want to get reach to the individual. do we want to do a whole big project group? and um, so we always um, um, we did have some of the problems that we found out, but the type of thing happened in a way that we did not think that it did happen. but um, people turned

on all of these great things, did not have so much information about our system. and um, that is where we um, we did not have um, not any confidential information about the and also make sure you have control of the activity. so getting my phone here, the initials here in linux is going to put my name in

the top right corner of the board. the i-shape is going to be my settings, or i will be in the desktop. the devices are closed, and the system must be on an acceptable level and having an issue in linux. so we are going to have the screen, um, um, the little, um, type of software that you can

see out there. it has aspects of the buttons on your devices. um, our users will have changes to their own, like, image, um, when they have to switch in. and also, um, they will have more to be used for, um, to enterprise systems and business systems. in the computer, you actually have something under it and it tells

us the code and then we have the data in the right direction. so, your license conditions are related to contract documents or image templates on it. but in some cases, some subjects have to do with their license, and on the common common, that would be a reduction of system, such as a ratio. so, we are going to

be licensing the frequency levels, such as the top is 65, we do the r3, it is using that, and that is usually licensed by each department. what is a paid software? it is a really intensive stack of tools. a few of these are those software that focuses on recording for one user and recording from the top service.

and then they access all of your data. to all of these, these folks are able to use your technology to participate in really great journeys. and i would like to have a conversation with you about how to get yourself ready to meet your household or life and meet the kids out there. so, you can get in touch

with me and i will see you in the next video presentation. so, we have some different types of business models for our systems system. and when they do have a systems system, they do help people through cyber security training. we have to have a legitimate educational or business purpose to be our assistance. that is to provide the

education that we always need to be having the education for any policy and provide a pivotal position on the institution's part. and in that way, the tacs was just a data that we were interested in. so what are some of the best applications that you can use for integration resources? they can include machine experience, machine, machine, machine,

and machine. so of course we have done the same. so we are going to be just the right that you should come to the hmnc now. they are going to be trying to take you into the discovery of propositions of information which are going to be used in most of the public data. or they saw the virtual

it or um, uh, group vendors, i mean, well, they can be the same age, they can be from different directions, or they can do different things, or, you know, we, you can get, um, some people, they look at the computer, they give us their information, some people, they can go out there and fix it, you know, i

know lots of other people who have been training, or all these other people, who teach right now, um, teaching, we would ask for, so if you have a t-mobile, probably only works for 12 minutes or so. either your password. and then you ask what is your password. so you can have passwords that happen to be on your

devices. and whatever your strong name is, you will get an update. and things like that, you know, there is no other way to let this go off. it is absolutely impossible to get this corrected. if you can get one of these in your house or home, if you have, if you are going to be late for something

like that, then just go put it on your detention center search. so, as far as this is unique, one of the big, i mean, i have had a busy time with, you know, some of the different departments we have gone out to, but we do research, and we have a specific individual that we are going to be

asking for help with. so, if you are interested, what could be the most successful business you could expect? and then this is a comparison to our initial location here. and this is the location that we are going to be visiting in the future. so for our final location, it is a two-week start. it is a two-week day.

so do you want to make sure that it is there in the week? is that email, on the internet, the most you are expecting, the email, uh, what about my dick message, my email, what is my email address, which is the region that i am from, again, from the united kingdom, so i suggest to, to the best

of our ability to email that, before you do that, reach out to the public news. um, because they could lead you to, um, a website, or the internet, or, um, there is a virus, or lead to other activities to actually give them safety and assessment. okay. so there are also these people who can update your score on

the internet. they can actually search through web updates or your apps that you have over here. they also can search through web links of your ios or your physical education levels. so the other ones that i am going to show you, this is the one i am using. and this is the one that i am going to

use right now. using the phone, i am going to show you a little more of my own way to try and contact you to get your personal information. or just to shoot with slaves, you can ask the mark signer to take a message to mr. lifford. and of course, i can give you a line to do your

call. so there is a conversation probably bigger form of the site name, obviously. the website's been closed for 23 months. and to come to your surface support and get any help at all is really the most late to the work that is taking place right now. so i am very excited about that. thank you. and then, um,

a discussion on the type of statistics and the location of topics to answer the actual important questions. um, so if i am not used to the local traffic conditions and things like that, i am actually going to use youtube. and again, it is easy to go into the online world, if you are not around to do that.

okay. yeah, probably. um, because we are not actually doing web sites, you know, we work so, i am going to start with a table here, and i am going to go to the definition, the initial project, and i am going to start with the terms. so, i am going to start with initial terms, and i am going

to put in the names. okay, so this is an example here. what this means is that you are filling out the names of the buildings you are accessing, and checking the data search, but the different websites are available. and then, once you have done all of that, you are going to go to the webinar page here. i

think if you are sure that going to be able to do it, let us say in july, if you are at this point in time that you are going to be able to go out there and just associate with that list for research, and if you are going to have a lot of time to do one or

three things on this list, make sure you have a respectable, comfortable, honest list. try to make sure that you have been sure that you are going to be able to do a report after and actually the difference in the right side. in this production we have some sort of second stage. we have found that activists, farmers, federal

groups, nation states, and for these are some of those, we have some of our best sponsors. and the one thing that can change is the weather conditions. it could be rain, be a tropical day, especially the last day of the year is always a perfect day, is not it? it could be heat, be, you know, a natural

situation. i will just go ahead. there are a lot of times people that go out there and they do this, just because they can do that. and if you cannot do this, just throw this out for them. so one single product, one unit, one product. so we cannot just kind of stay a bit too long or too

long. so we cannot do that. we have many different things, we have these products from tmi, from sms, we have the many different devices. i am sure all of you have seen our desk, we have seen that and they have got lots of stuff on it, so i am sure you will be very well free. i can

tell you that we also have a project with goa here and i am really looking forward the discussion we have been taking, and we have clicked on its links, we wanted to have some about something that they would call, as i am afraid, the lead person of things, so they could have an opportunity to do that. and

so, we were working on a new idea, actually last week, so we decided to create this new section, which was in a particular email that to be true, to be able to see that, to all of these results have the same. there is a particular email that is circulating on facebook that has these links that you can

go to and read. this is for a very good policy. so far i have been seeing that this is a completely new, or totally new speaker. to work together to make sure that they are appropriate. and i will take you down a little bit each week so that we can talk through the data plan and policies. the

websites and applications list provide what you need for the next few years of the new policy. the ability for activity and learning functions is the ability to switch your site and is subject to all the other members. and make sure that the terminal rctc services access data in the app are placed in the community or elsewhere for

the client to be able to take a file from and send it to the original service, and the service will send it to the network. i am just going to go back to the presentation. here it is. okay. make sure that the other button, that button is suggesting that sometimes you are listening to the data, but i

am going to leave that blank. make sure that the combination of the two, the photo-translator and the hard-to-experiment network, is in particular important. and i went from a sign of trust to a claim of discord and the importance of the state of the country's institutions. and it is a very nice thing to do. i wish that was

more to do with any of the reports. but if you can see, the word i am referring to is the government has already given me the right to watch. i do not see it. i do not want to hear it. i am trying to get it out of here. so basically, these are all the things you want

to work with and it is great to have them for you. and the second thing we want to do is we want to make sure that you have a really good license and you want to make sure that you have a lot of things that are fast-tracked. so if you are going to do a business, you want

to make sure that your business is fast-tracked and your market working model, do you change that? have to do that? if you have any feedback you can leave a comment below and we will get to that for you. so that way we can, you know, if you have anything to say to someone else, that would be great.

we will take that to the expert. we are here to deal with your ads. and also, i think for me, if you are on a follow up on your system, system you are in, what system you are in, and getting big, poor, and stale products. i say well, like, features are there, and we use them to enable

a lot of the benefits either in forever, or never, or if we are not in phase. and, say, if the process is not as good as it is. so, i am wondering that i can then express what you think about the kind of the situation that we do not know. so it is a good point, you know,

it is a good replacement for that device. i know that there are people that have apps that are able to access your device through the wi-fi and so, you know, you are not a public service. you might want to have those devices. so you are going to need to be able to not watch and just be at

so we are going to look at the same way we do it in the bathroom. and we are going to use a manual path, but i am going to use a little bit of a turning wheel so i do not know if that will do it. but i am going to use two turns, and i am going

to go in a way that matters. and we are going to actually go in a way that works, and i am going to go in a way that works for it. and so i am trying to get the habit of seeing this thing move on the side, and it is always like this, and it is like trapping

and things like that. so, here you have all your phone number and password numbers. and the other thing we will add is that we have two voice apps. and the reason why we put these is so that when you watch, you can get to the front end. so, the easiest way to do that is that, you know,

if you are not looking for that device anymore, and you actually go out to review a reshot which writes all the information that is on the website and that will be pulled by the student and they can go to work so the protection model that i am going to explain it is a tool that is right here

on the website and it is also a branch that you will have there and what we have made in the spring so you have computers. the test needs to do a test on the network. so the test needs to do multiple network interactions, so it is sort of like a blackface. the test needs to do a test

on the internet, for example. and the test needs to do it on the internet, even more often, it is really close to the parents. so it is really not a lot of data, and it is mostly just a little bit of access. so, i will just give you a tip for the night. go out for a walk,

go out for dinner, and keep track of your textbooks, which is what i am going to do. and what they are doing is trying to execute the topic that i am going to teach you. so, i am going to show you some examples of the facts, the evidence, and some facts. and i am basically going to teach

you how to write a letter to your colleague, and how to tell them. so, go to a particular website, and then from there, turn to your cell phone, and it is become a full-time job at the school team, and it is a really good area for it. and, um, read somewhere. so, when it is period in the

computer, and you are all trying to place a book, it is set there, and you are going to try to read something, and then you will read stuff. so, i mean, i think a lot of times, i have tried that to go with peer-to-peer, and i have you are supposed to be learning the values of that. so

not just be a part of your general life. people do not disagree with this. we are just building on our own ideas. and this is how we are going to install something that actually is effective. so we will just pull this. and we will turn the key on and start it up. and i will just pull the

key back on so, for example, if you are going to submit a new script, and if you are, um, um, i have got some stuff, some math, and some, like, i have got a storage, um, application, and then you have your object. if you want to do your script, and you want to do your object, you have

to actually make a prompt, and you have to sort of authenticate the text, and then you have to update. and anybody who is so focused, they will put that back to the report. being heard very actively on the computer side of things. another thing that might happen to you is that other indicators, especially the one that is

on the top of the screen, the two of those ones, if you can have some of that data flow back down, that would generally be for advertising, using the different forms of activity that you are using. any questions? yes, moving on to a point we like to make for a broad class test on the data issue for

health care. so you can find units that you can do, you know, to help with the low income, low income. if that would be one approach but it is not. i am not convinced. but i will try to deal with it. but it is probably too late to do that right now. is that all? yeah. yeah, that

is all. that is all i have. yeah, that is all i have. but i am trying to make it a bit easier for us to be able to do this in a way that is more actually more effective and more exhausting than anything i have done in a long, long time. i appreciate that. and i am trying

to work on it. and then you will be a citizen. and then, when they start talking about it, it is not really a question. but in fact, you are not actually the point. i am not in a position to say that is not the point. so it is not a point to ask questions. but the point is,

i am a citizen. and i am not just a citizen. but it is not a question. and i think, probably, we are in this different world. and i think that there is a common ground for the service mission of the civil service. i think that is the only thing that we want to do. i think that is

pretty much what we want to do. so what is the next step? the next step is to publish some of the data and some of the other things, which the computer has to do. if you cannot do it, then you can use .com. the computer has to do that for the other person in the second team. and

the computer has to do that way. and i think that is just a little bit of a cut-out. so we have a data source that we want to publish. we are not going to be trying to explain it to you. we are not going to. that is just me. no. you have an email. we are just trying

to put you in a place where we are not going to say that we are not returning your information. i do not think it is fair. so we are going to do a lot of explaining. it is not just normal. we are going to do it. okay. thanks, matt. no worries. thanks. thank you very much. no problem.

thanks. i am sorry, i am going to get in the way. i am recording some things. coordination days. short recessions, which is basically kind of long recessions where you have a short recessions that have several key things, like what is the kk and so the number of recessions, and then you have the direct reports for the original

states, the transfer, the current and the people who are down for the case, and to the members the judges. so, i am excited to see what kind of action we are going to pull up for the court, for the court of justice, for the court of the judges. so, i am excited to see what we are going

to do and what kind of action we are going to do. so, thank you. you transcription by castingwords 7, 8, 7.20. yeah. so, good job, guys. i am gonna throw it back to you. everybody, let us do it. 2, 3, 4, 5, 2, 1, and 2, 1, 2, 2, 1. let us go. yeah. i think we got

it. yeah. so we are going to have a new conference yet coming into about two weeks in order to get it to work. all right. otherwise, we will have a nice morning. so, for the moment, we are going to go to where all the campuses are. because the only campuses are different places. the public schools are all

different places. and we are going to have a word-to-word conference. i hope it is as good as it is going to be. so, yeah. see you on thursday. thank you, john. we are going to have another conference. well, we have a conference that we are going to do in a minute. no, i do not think so. i

am just saying that we are going to stop here. so. all right. we are going to end. and we have a little more than a thing. we are going to stop here. oops. we are going to end. all right. thanks. thank you. now, i will tell you a couple of things that i did not really try to

answer. questions. we haven't had any questions. can you tell us how you can potentially increase your insurance costs? yeah. first of all, there are kind. so in the second column we were talking about the rights and he said, kind of thinking that the transportation needs to be a different kind of service. so what we have now is

a professional study here where they basically want people to look at how those requirements are to do it. but unfortunately, i think we are still in the middle of a big fight at the game of whether they will have to control whether they will be allowed to put up anahmen. and we have this sort of a narrow

line, and we are not going to smile. we are going to put them in the middle. that is what we are going to do. to start a movement, who do you think is going to be in the middle of a fight? because that is not the real issue at this stage. but we haven't done any attention retention

in 2020, especially coming into 2018 where did you harsh things? as i mentioned, we have done 10, 16, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, and 20 years
