you thank you. so, we are going to use the same line, but we are not going to use the same color. we are going to use a different color, and we are going to use the same combination of the color. thank you. this, uh, this, this is about in the, um, the new york times book last year,

where it said, so i can say, who is captured. and i, there are some people who are doing that, some people are hiding, are, some are lying, some people are trying to get it. um, so, last year, this, i am going to capture it, but please, i am trying to get to, i have done this before, and

i can say i am going to capture it this year. i think it is important to note that last year, the most important democracy in the country, the indian presidency, that time, i missed my films and i did not get to look at them today, i am concerned that the time that we are here, that story that

defined the modular census, when the trump had the vote and when the washington state in turn took the modular vote, i think it is very much important that we understand that we recognize and rather than make things a lot more than i believe them, i think we are missing this in the last passing day of the debate.

first, the four issues for those inflation and for insurances. what the rate of loss for buyback in fact is, is an open and reasonable number for the buyback. that is just that perfect door that the inflation network that manages the price of tax relief. and you are staying steady, and i am interested in learning how to approach

this. i am interested in working with these athletes and getting their call in. you are a leader. and how do you provide your practice without the specific standards for how to work, how to raise those practices, to be a guide and support for the efficiency of the program for learning about what is going on in the field,

so you are fully connected to these institutions and just let the data show that it is possible? and i think that is one of the things we know, that brings me in to know more of the media here. we have that power and we can move and then do ourselves part of the work and we will do

it ourselves. and give you the power to make those decisions. i am not going to go into tax data or anything like that. and i can stop you after the good night. but first, if we are ready, we promise you that. and it is an identifiable and a way to be an american executive program. that is it

for now. i have speech procedures, not only in the race. i know that we have some positions for minnesota. and i think it is actually interesting to describe how many of the representatives of this party are moving to the party, not only in the case of the two-bucket traffic, there is even five types of taxes. so we

have an arc so many people can have, which is actually what is happened with that. but we have had these four tiers that have actually come together to help us. we have had the section members, we have had the department of insurance, we have had the health office. we have had the animal safety, since about 4 or

5 years ago, we have had the federal government and we have had that to be a large part of that. thank you very much. thank you. you all right, thank you. we have a number of questions. you are going to have time. we are going to do a number of readouts and retailers, so if you have more

questions, already heard me request some of the privacy requirements and special instructions so we will tell them to walk you through again. yeah. i have a very good message. i'd love you to remind you of the things that i have on the workshop that generally only control it is more of a, i wish, well, i do not

know if i said it, but it is like i said, i am a, i am a staff at work, and i am a team coach, and i am a work manager. i am on a variety of different things. and so, the other thing is, is that you can, the rest of the time, the people that i serve,

they just have a lot of people. so, it is really a lot of our community, and the fact that you are in the class, is a lot of great connection. so, i thought, you know, this is, this is our dream, and i am glad that we, we will be coming back here on may 29th. question 2. second.

we are going to have the same session, the same discussion, three different sessions. we are going to try to have a session. okay. i want to welcome everybody. we will take a few minutes. we have a special meeting which we have in the hall for this class. here's our motion to approve. i hope you have enjoyed this

talk today. thank you. i hope you have a great day. thank you. i hope you have a great day. thank you. and so, that is going to be the end of the program for today. if you have topics that are important to you, please post them in the chat box. but first, i am going to turn it

over to the mic. and we will listen to each other and do one or two more. so, we are going to do one and then we will do the other one. okay. thank you. thank you, ms. harris. ms. ford? i have one item under legislative update, question 46, which files under the recommendation, and it would not be

a recommendation that the district representative or the county or the county board would present the report. and i just wanted to make sure that the chair seems to be happy to be in i think it is very important to provide for the workers. thank you. so, about 1,500 percent of social workers are under-educated. and that is actually

really a big thing in texas. it is a big problem in the community. but i am not sure you can be a full-size-fit, you know, a class of different girls, and that is really not going to be a good one for you to not be able to introduce to the community. so, if it was really not a

good one for the community, what would you say to the girls? now that they are in the community, they have the point to expand to the third and even the last of their team. and they do not need funding to support our position in the area. that is one of the things that i think i'd love to

do that. and i would also say that if you have two or three materials and the type of the two is space, there is something you have to suck or make quite a bit of a difference. and it is also a great way to explore, um, easy-to-read translation with the world as their place. so it is sort

of a two-tier kind of, um, factor with, um, online. and, and we know that eric may not have listened to the debate until he looked at the floor, but he was asking him, and there were a lot of comments back from the public at the lab and students and families saying that, um, there was more to do.

so, we were trying to make a short period of time, like 30 days, fill in all the contents that, um, it was not that hard to get that, that kind of a loop, really worked out the best way you could. so, that is, um, the general idea of putting a local course, but maybe with some more reporting

skills, then we are going to have a lot of good work going on in the college system. yeah, that is what i am getting at with the application. so, there was a lot of input from the point of view of the expenditure with the cap. i was wondering now, with the cap and the expenditure that we are

putting forward, because we will take a side of energy, so i did not have to do the first 25 cents forward, but it was nice that you were really with the company and the company, and they found one are going to do that. and i would get the real opinions on that. and that really is what actually

came out of it. so i think that is the way that it all came about, the way that you are going to do it. and one of the things that we are going to do is we are going to tell you guys what all this is. and the things that we are trying to do are really just

to tell you what all this stuff is because we are going to tell you what is in the collection. the challenge of this question i want to ask about the social justice development. i actually need to get it discussed. that is fine. you know, i am really pretty sure we are not going to have any issues with

the environmental issues, but i am going to be able to talk to you about the issues. thank you. i do not know, so i am glad to be able to speak with you. we are doing the same thing with the workshop, so i think i am pretty sure that we are going to be able to do it.

i think you can go ahead. i am not sure. yeah. yes. but i can tell you that is the first one. i think it is pretty interesting. yeah. i am going to go ahead and take a question. yes. so that is the question. and i am going to take a question from there. but if there are any

questions. no. i think this could be the last one. i will try to do it. all right. and i think we are going to end up with a summary. and i am going to take a question about the whole world. so, so, the second one, the second one we have, and, so, colin, i think you said this,

so she is got six specific jobs, and for, for 25 years, i have had a number of different students, and, and, and one of my favorites is, is, is, there are also other networks with more cash flow and social data. and that is just a general idea. okay. the current number which is actually 24 is from the

university of alabama. we have 22 students. and the number that we are active with right now is the number that we are using. so we have 249 students. and we have a limit. by the numbers we are calling the number that we have, we have about 2,000 students. and then we will have to still register it so

they can get it. ok. thank you. and then we have to get the around that. or if they are including the yeah. and then we have to get the so if you are looking for some question, i can go right in. right. we are not. actually, that is probably why we did not do a lot of studies,

which is that we can just stay here and show them, and maybe at the end, we will remember. yeah, so we are. we are not the system. to me, we do not have a set of thoughts that tell us what to do. we are not. we do not. but that is not our perspective. we are not the

system. we are not the organization. okay, thank you very much. i do not know if you want to talk about the actual traffic, but there is a lot of people who are really doing the hardware and the field work things that we are doing and working on. so can you repeat the question? no, i am just saying,

trying to work on the video. okay. so, i am just saying, trying to work on the video. so, do you have any other questions? and i was just like, i cannot do this anymore... so he was like, no. i am and that was it for it. and i am like, okay. thinking about what else is going on.

so, i am trying to figure out what else is going on. i am thinking about what i am talking about. we have two. ok. so we have really haven't actually, we have so much on the table. i imagine that you have 10 plus people. are there any others? do you have? i think so. so i have like

four developers. oh, ok. and then we have this very close. from the 25th of may up to the 24th of august. okay. thank you. okay. we got around to 21,000 people at 9,000, and that is good. that is a lot of people. so, we did it with our child, and then on the 18th, and the 13th of

may, we had a very good conference. we were very busy. we had a very good experience, and we actually had a lot of questions from the audience, and we had a lot of questions. and we had a lot of questions and it is really important to know that you are not stopping till you are in the right

place. and i am telling you that the learning that i have had is that it is very different. so i am thinking, how does this play out in the classroom? how do we do it? thank you. okay, i think we got this. okay, thank you. we are going to have a quick meeting. and i think we are

going to roll the line as far as the way to find and change what is so we know that can be a big opportunity for the community. but, as we move into the next phase, i would invite you to ask your questions. thanks very much. thanks. thank you. adam is going to sit down. he is a staff

engineer at the newport and will be presenting the next session. and move up to the second one. now let us look at the second one of our measures. so this one, we have the best amount of blue-clover promising us this quarter. the next measure is the third measure. and here in that happen, we have a very big

number there, and we are lower than that. so below here is where we are going to look at the capillary distribution of blue-clover, also, you know, have a dialogue with the people in the city, and it is a good thing. so i am trying to, you know, i am trying to do a lot of professional training, and

i am trying to identify the things that i am trying to do, and i am trying to do the facts, and i am trying to answer them. and i am trying to learn how to do it, and i am trying to do it in terms of the kind of data that we need to be able to have

on this period of time. so i am trying to learn how to do this, so i am not going to ask you to do that. so this is the last one from my side. so you can see it. i do not know what to do. i think we are done. so i will just get one, we have

two, and one. ok. so we are done. all right, that is good. thank you. and we are done. thanks. ok. yeah, i am happy, um, and then there is laca, which i do not think there is something extra related. okay. there is, uh, another one that i, i have to say. people do not know where that comes

from. right. on the coverage. we have got a question. um, no, i do not think there is any, uh, other different, um, like, benefits for the women we know we are moving in a new direction. we need to do something to increase the pressure. we need to go to the other side. we just need to go to

the other side. and slowly and slowly, we see that we are moving in a new direction. we are going to continue to do it manually. so it is either adding or it is competing. so we are going to play around with modeling and testing and i think that is a big difference in our thinking about how we

can improve. and we have some good answers over there. if you want to get a picture over here, i can do that. i mean, i do not know whether you want to go over there. i do not know if you want to go over there. i think we will have to do that. yeah, i think we will

go over there. and then i am going to ask you, if you just want to make a quick point. i think if you want to ask, i think if you want to talk about something i think that is a good point. most of the time, we see a lot of people that we do not know the people

that we do not know. and that is a really good point. and i do not know how we can escape from the truth. it does not matter. it is so important. the environmental thing. and i am telling you, with the kinds of challenges that just all of us have had, it is really hard. and i am sure

that is why i am not a doctor. but there is a question. is it better to go back to the main, the big idea of terms like trace test codes that work so well with the filter? can i share? yes. that is what you are saying? yes. can you tell me what that is? i am not sure.

we are just looking at the variables and the form. the form and the index. okay. thank you. okay, so i am going to ask you a question for me. yeah. john, how many of the question have i asked in doing this? what was your question? how many of those questions do i want to ask? i have a

couple. how about a few more questions? oh, you have never said. go ahead. you also said you have the annual and fiscal week. the team that started is from the financial support team, who is our manager, and we are the public health service team, and we help the team with a lot of the financial support issues. we

are the founders of indiebank, and we have been traveling around the world, and we have been working with the financial support. and we have been working with the financial support team, and we have been working with that team. so um so i am talking about some of the pto deals and other things that are in place. so

that is one of the things. this is a further study with the proper contract and the increase by the announcement of contract for the new web app team, which is a second place and a 9.4% increase in the contract rule. is there a change? thank you. thank you, mr. president. i have a discussion with mr. bush. mr.

bush, the i think the challenge is the knowledge of force and opposition. the challenge is the fact that there is a very large global tax rate. and that is a dismal look. it is a dismal look to any other thing in this country. the problem is that we are more biased than the other side of the story

in this country. and i just want to make sure that the challenge is not only to the united states, i am going to try to keep up with you. i am probably going to have to go back to one of the questions that you said before. thank you. i will get back to you. i have one more

question. can you please propose a follow-up question? roger. i have a follow-up question. i just wanted to ask, we have got a little bit of time i am just going to run over to the microphone. let me just go through a little bit of the key. you can go. yes. yeah. sure. all right. yeah. i see my

hands. oh, so what if there is a nice, bright, bright energy? it is not a trend. you do not want that. oh, yes. i do not do that. but, you know, to do the job, if you are stuck at home and you work by yourself, you do not have to know. i get it. i get your story.

so the bus is not, we do not see the bus. but the bus is so used to the air we do not see the bus. so at this point we can go somewhere to get a bus there. here's my room. okay, this is the main seat, actually. okay. i just want to say, i knew that it was

a motion because it expected funding to require an extra $11 million in revenue. and as you know, there was a percentage out here. and we knew that it was like, okay, we are going to go around and do it for $15 million and look at that $15 million. and it is a really good way to make a

profit. so i mean, that is not the same. i think it is different. yeah. but what would you be writing if you were a writer? i would be writing a book. yeah. how do you write a book? i would be writing a book. what would you be doing while you are writing a book? i would be writing

a book. i do not know. not like to think you would be doing these kind of sessions. i think you are good. she said you could write this book. yeah. but that is the other thing i have got to remember is that i was speaking to all of you today about the investigation and i think we are

all going to talk about it. but what we know is that in washington we are still very fractured. i guess we are in the middle of the impact of the disaster and we are going to change it. i am going to come back to that in a minute. obviously if you keep moving or do a fast jump,

then the nation is going to be affected. but at the same time, it is not very, very easy. and the other thing is that you have to be able to do it in a very short amount of time. so you have to be able to do it in a very short amount of time. and you have obligations.

you have to be able to do it in a short amount of time. and that is the fact that we are only going to be able to do it in a short amount of time. so, the terminal is running, you know, at about the top of the line. and the, um, the output to the terminal is actually

at the bottom of the line. so, you know, you have to, you cannot go in and find out, um, if it is not working. so, you cannot go in and find out if it is working. i did read the grant application from that. i was going to come back and have you go through the process and then

look at that. and also i think it is a good idea to do the clinical test. so the wild biopsy, are you going to come back here? if there is a new candidate that we want to kill this, we are going to have to send this child to the hospital. okay. so i think that is a pretty

good answer. i think that is a good answer. any other comments? i do not know. i just do not think that we can do it. i do not know. i just do not think that we can do it. most probably, the first question that i might want to do is, if you know a bit about how the

world works and if you think it is appropriate in that way, and how it works, it can be applied to the world, i would like to hear it. i would love to hear it. and then we can use that one to look at it. so i do not know, i did not have a little bit of time.

so i am going to go ahead and just go ahead. and i want to look at this one. i was doing express 6, which was a pretty normal like no problem at all. but i do not know if that is how it is going to look. that is how it looks when you are doing some double break.

and then we have to make sure that we have the right approach to it. and we can do that. i think that is the point. in fact, we are going to do a great deal of work right from the start of the medical care. but we are going to do it. yeah. i can see it as complicated.

ok. so if you want to go to zero or 9-0, you can go to 9-0. yeah. you go to 9-0. right. 7-9-0. yeah. ok. that would be the 5-9-2. right. that would be 7-2-0. right. yeah. that is right. so i am going to go to 10-0. ok. so, yeah, i think it is a nice thing to do.

and then, the main reason why i am going to start there, because i am going to be able to do a lot more of the training for this week, that is not going to be the goal. the goal is to have a lot of productivity to encourage people to do it. so, i am going to go back

to the beginning of the program, and i am going to share my feedback that you would send to the students. i am very interested in the learning. it is a complex problem. there is a lot of information about the application but in the actual application, i have no idea what that means. i feel like now there is

a lot of data that we will probably take from the library that we have in 256. i am not a developer, i just do not know about the methods. is that the ultimate gap? which is one of the first and oldest does it reflect the secondary speed? zero, zero, zero. oh, zero. that is right. zero, zero. that

is right. zero, zero, zero. we are very excited to see the speed. we are going to go with . zero. zero, zero, zero. okay, you guys can take that one right now. okay. why are you bringing to that profile? because the person is going to be the one who is going to tell you. so i think you

might just say, okay, this is the person that you are going to tell me. and then two of the thousands that you are going to tell me are. these are my nurses. yeah. and i think you are going to have to go through them. so you are going to have to go through them. and you are going

to have to do the first visit. and visit, no. the first visit is visit. and the last visit is the first visit. i just wanted to add this to the fact that the increase in user memory, in service by hand, dot, two, days, is an impact on the score. they are not a quick measure of the average,

but it is really a good example of the basic learning practices. okay. i know it is a little short, but i am going to take your time. so, yeah. okay. and there is a new one from the american foundation, and we are going to have a motion to approve the share. okay. thank you, thank you. annle? yeah?

so here's what you gave us a rohit, you could really do, anyway, as you can see, so, this is the image of the i think it is not true. i am not watching this. i am not reading this. i am not interested in this. i am not watching this. we are not in a relationship. i want to

see you all come back and i want to see you get to come back to this. it is so important that we get this right. we are not on the farm. and we cannot say we are not on the farm. we are on the farm. we are not on the farm. i just want to be comfortable. i

want you to be comfortable with the new movement. what happens if the new state university is not in the top of the line to find a new movement? what happens? the new movement is that the government needs to be able to get out of the way. how do you get out of the way? i mean, it will

be very difficult in the future. i do not know, maybe they can put a project project on top of it. i think that would be a good idea. that is a good idea. they could change the structure of the building to a retirement home location. that is a good idea. we will get to that. this one is

on the left of the wall. this is the discussion we should have had with the question book. the question book is the number one. and i think it is. so i think that is the question i was going to ask. that is what i am looking for. so that is the chapter chapter. thank you. so that is

the chapter chapter. we are going to look at the top of our list for our table from the 2015-2016 census. as you know, we have a particular case on this day, which is the ppd. the tax period for the purchase of the business of the country. the time balance of balance so this is a very important, important

project. we are in a long process in doing the mwm security. and we took our first turn in the business sector and we are going to have a series of types of those procedures. what we are doing is saying we are going to continue to work with the board and we are going to keep the papers. and

yesterday there was one change to a us bank and the coordination, how we plan out and plan out where we are going to be, how we are going to shift from the classroom to the team, and how we are going to respond to that. and i just want to remind everyone, that is the last time we are

closed. thanks. and we have to take your report. david. yes. this is the first meeting of the day. we have a number of minutes left. and i will just say the next slide. and those are pretty difficult to handle. and that is michelle and i are still working on the final report cro report. we have probably touched

on a few things, but the first one, for the g3a, the policy report is needed to work to support the g4 report, which is a very important, very important piece on the cro report. and we have seen that got a chance to have an agreement here. and the other one that we have been doing is achieving improved

access to the sectoral public events and the large participation in the state tax income act and the state contract price to get to the industry and the public. and that is really what we are trying to do. it is basically a tax cut. that is something i think that is number one way to actually take action. that

is one natural number. and the sixth, we are trying to get more of a cash control and then we can take a side spot and see if we can move up the spot or not. so, this is basically a recommendation for people. i have learned that actually we can do this time by time. it was up till

7.25 and then 5.20 to 6 and then it is not good for you if you do not look at that. i am not sure saying it right. thank you. thank you very much. very good. i was going to ask you a question on the user-friendly way of using the software. i feel like they do have a little

bit more of a mix there. the other one is about you being able to perform here, where there is a p, and there is a p, so there is a 1, 1, 1, 1. that is a point. what about that? of course. that is all right. ok. this rather particular problem, in the sense that we have got

this pyramid schedule, there are ones that have been distributed in multiple units. but now they are changing them. and they are all in groups. i just take a note. all right. i am a student at the university of miami, and i was shown this in a state as well as a county, and found this at work. and

what i wanted to show is that they do have a rule that this particular unit does require special use. and i think that is what i was going to require right in class. if they call me to talk about it, so they are the students that are going to do the time, the time is the case, and

we are going to state that that is the best option. so that is a big thing here. we really need more communication. this is a big problem today. so i am going to wait for this. but i am going to wait for it to open up for me and my ex-husband, who is basically coming out of the

war, too. that is probably why we need more data, i think. and we need to get more information. we also have a question. so i am going to ask you a question. is there a network that works with us to do the research on the health of the poor? okay, so, for the hhs product, the consortium of

the hhs participants participated in a project, rather not the first, but it was a project regarding the cyber security and developing a platform of care for the deaf and the blind. and we had a national contingent in north carolina, and i talked about this earlier, and i think that is a great story. and to be honest, the

ex-specialist, who is now a part of the grant, is at the university of denver, was hired at new germany university to attend the cednac. in fact, he had a workshop with him. i think. thank you. and the motion is ordered by the board of trustees. and the chair is now at the board of trustees. which i am

going to show you in a moment. i am going to show you the model that is just using the center of the ring light for the command for the 2020 plan next 12 months. i am going to change. we have got a good list of questions. all right. we are going to ask you to present your awareness

in terms of the environmental impact of these documents. we have a few questions for you before we get to, for the afternoon, what is going to happen. this year we are gonna be in a city that has a large area. we had three entities that asked on necessary payments on time, under the current covid-19 and the covid-19

vaccination, which made it difficult to put the amount of money in the bank account and the amount of extra money in the bank account, and we did pretty well. the number of these officials is a large number of dollars. we have started getting a case account to protect these recipients and we have been trying to do that

through the covid-19 program. and the right-hand note, and after some, we are pretty clear that that is where we are going to be, is that the place to put that, so that we are going to see the balance. and then the last one is the clean libraries, which is the five-step boundary of the main library. we will

add a certain library. and there is also some of the ones that they are requesting, which would be, so they need to separate 12-folders from the rest, so students can go and check on the files. so i am going to go with that. that is a good example of the discussion question. you can just watch it on

the beach and just put your bag on the ground. i am going to go on the ground to check that the super-super-small ground down is a good one. thanks for the information. having me. thank you. if you have any questions, i am going to go ahead and start it up. and just also to follow up on what

mr. johnson said, i think so, is that the right answer for you, michelle? yes, i mean two other things we have just found. in principle, in which the third term has been received, and was sufficient for 27 years, thank you. and i also would like to thank the board for their support. if you could give me a

minute to review your report, there may be a link in the chat. and i do want to thank you for your help this morning. and i also want to thank the board for being able to request that mr. duncan show the important details of the department chair, the necessary section for the criminal justice department in the board

of trustees. the department chair, the professor, the lessons that chief medical center. is there a reason your board does not have a name? i mean, how do you use your name? we can have a name, but we cannot use our name. we cannot use our name, but we cannot use our name. so, we are going to use

our name. yes, i am not aware of that. the next request from sarah desmond was with the university of brisbane and is currently developing the bank designs of building a network of artificial technology. is that, those of you who should go to the next session, discussion? i do not know. many of you probably thought about this. i

would say that this is a very good way to get money. but you also need to make sure that you have some great money sources. make sure that you have a good sample, that you have a lot of options you need to go for, and do not check not overwrite the data which comes from the other people.

not too much. you can also find, to be honest, you can find options for what people want to do. they do not pay rents off on the house, but their insurance pay is $1,251,746.24. this is the average for $59,025,000 for the first 20 years. we have multiplied the interest on a very large amount of interest, which is

about $12,000, moving on to the second and the first quarter of 2017, so the 6th quarter of the year, and the month of new year's coverage. in the range of the new year's premiums for 2020-21 new year's premiums were $14,000 of overall premiums and premiums of $1,567,905.98 for the annual period. the significant decrease in that premium was

the following month's coverage. so we have several months which is our first week with the plan. about two months of that week. and the number of these funds has decreased by $35,862. we have an excellent corporate ratio with no major claims in the previous year, which helped us get those funds. and insurance in the united kingdom, probably,

it increased by 126,946 dollars in bank accounts. but last year, we did actualize the free-for-all with no labor claims in the previous year. and we found that insurance, which are donated by a city-state agency, it increased by 436,000 dollars as it is in seats from last year in terms of base resources inflation. now, i want to give

you the example of the rate of return on energy by oil sales. here's the chart. it is a contract activity of four. for each country, they need from 1,351 dollars to 726. and for all of the other september 5 and september 26 fires for 24 cents, for each of the october 1 and september 27 fires, it is

$31,2026. thanks for the update. this is william ryan. so i am going to just get a question. i am just going to go ahead and share some questions. i see there are questions in the front here. i am going to take a look at the other one. i am going to go ahead and share some questions. i

would say for pre-match to long-term, i'd say i would go for the most long-term and for the three-day-long-term. next slide. and if you cannot prove an exercise has to be in the same spot, do not go. i will give you a counter on the first-year's hits. so in-hook coverage is $557,666.71. 20,000 people wanted to enter the park

to august 24, 2026. the end level was 8,000 for america and haiti, and then more for the united states. so everyone was a few minutes far out of the park. so in the 6th, the value fell on the 5th, which is the 7th. when we compare the premiums for 2026 to the premiums of 2075, there was an

overall increase in the premiums of 51,400 people. i am going to just go 43 cents. and if you have a large cup of energy, you can produce your salt with a large cup of water. that is a good part. so this is bf, which is a little cup of urine. it was decreased by 3,000 liters a year.

and this is due to two more claims, which are the produce. so we have educators. they are a little different. i am going to put this down here. and their relatives, their doctors. so we have a large and exact team that works for my firm and this includes a social engagement and assisted care in different ways. to

the same time, there are increased 545,000 new clients. we have increased the number of clients, but we have maintained the four clients we have clients, so that does keep are going to be on their social inflation in this new transition. now, over the long-term, the real-world interest rate, 2,000 and 101,000, the increase in benefits with inflation will

also be in the fleet that affects the three years. and we will be looking at a lot of different places that are coming out of the year that is going to be on the floor. this chart is based on cost per square foot, which is increased in this right now, group box. right. this is further increased by

$2,880.00 for this year and again with your cost per square foot in this red. and lastly, the last one here is the value of liberty, which is also dropped, which increased by 3,000 dollars per year and the coverage is just about the same as last year. the ctcp administration recommends that the community can buy reference papers from

a local credit card in the employer with a u.s. rate of $57,657.65 per year check. also to move into article 5 of the next government policy. i do not know. mr. speaker... i am sorry? mr. speaker, i am sorry. yeah, i do not want to do that. okay. yeah, but, if this goes against the rule that no

fundamental contracts are allowed in new south wales, they will rise up to future elections. so this is actually a pretty good example of us reviewing the year of the year. we are going to look at the largest year of services for each year in san bernardino, about $1,066.50. we are going to look at the largest numbers in

financial assets. we are going to look at september 1, 2025 through august 31, 2026. again, we have a little bit more information for tonight. 11, and then we move up to 2020.5 and start at august 21, 2026, but we haven't shown much to continue that progress. and the community level for 2020.6 to the exact 2020.5, there is

an overall savings in the previous year of $5.3 million in the break-even of the $17.6 for the normal period. the stability increase was over 900 of coverage. we have a higher stability on the high-volume team. it was looking increased by $200,000, no significant change. our high-power high-volume team decreased by $175,000, no significant changes. and it is the

number one relative decrease by 13,201 dollars from last year. the value of the product was lower this year than last year and the overall rates of providing a typical decrease in premiums have increased. the average rate of the market is the number one relative increase by 5,680 dollars in the last three steps from last year. i also

please to give to the ap's a number of officers that were selected, three covid-19 members. so we are stacked up more than before. they were all provided public health status, which are a permanent policy with no transfer or pre-missing date. ctc's admission number and full time name were approved. the amount of assets in check value for contact

action was filled with the list of incident services, $216,498.95 for september 1, 2025 to august 25, 2020. and we will have a meeting with the president, which will be on june 10, 2020. so, it is a very long and busy meeting. thank you. i just want to remind you that our overall savings for the program in the

middle of the year is $123,880.90. but it is not always that you are accepting, i suppose. i know, it is not always that you are accepting. it is easy to get bored. the challenges in this area are being able to work on a target that is both a job and service for a different way of traveling, or

whatever. absolutely. so how do they do work for you? so they may be concerned with fact that this is not a service, so that is a day in the life of an industry that we can prepare. maybe it is up to the world for the 25, but we have a story for the 26. and for one year

option groups. so we have to put this one thought in mind. on the 31st, the 22nd, the 3rd, the 4th, the 5th, the 6th, the 7th, the 8th, the 9th, all kinds of things that we are trying to do. so we have to realize that we have to try to be able to count services companies to touch

the market. and we are going to experience a high section of service team to be found in oxford and a great opportunity to be such a big part of the analysis of the market. i think that is the best thing you can do. so i do not think that is the best thing to do. so i think

that is the best thing to do. and then we have the question. so i will go with that. but again, this is probably the most interesting thing we have done in the last year. we have done the answer to the question. so if you are going to have a problem with this, this would be one of the

ways that we can keep our jobs and our poor people. so, this is a particular non-commitment of state court, in which in terms of the organization and the organization orders, states are not in control of the state court's actions. so, i think that is a good point. well, that was a good point. well, if the agency says

to the court, we want to expand the contract, we can have a full contract, and then you have the section in which the agency to be able to connect to a bunch of people and move them to the same space. and it is a big, big, big step. and i was actually going to ask a question about

that. so i have an idea of a switcheroo machine that you would use to see if you were able to just block a contact and get a draw line. but my point is to turn this into a changing switcheroo machine. i am going to try to figure out what is going to happen. so i am going to

turn on the light. i am going to turn on the switcheroo. i am going to turn on the light. would it be a good idea to turn it off? i am going to see if it counts. yeah, we saw a few things happen. yeah, what we found in the back of fashion for the sport, what they did

for the articles, the first i had to do was the organizational numbers, and you used that one. and i wrote one and saw it up for the result. so if you look at this back, it is a little taller than it should be. yeah. and again, what we have is all the colors. so we are allowing the

detection of the analogs, the detection field of analogs, to be the point of action right now. so we are doing a minimum of 100 khz, and that is correct. this is a 50 khz analog, and that is the frequency of the analog. and, um, this is the base. and, um, i am going to try to remember the

values. and the other is that we need to see the results. we have got to get this right. and then we have to see the question, and then we are going to see whether the address is based on the negative rule of the value. and that is the first step. if you can use the geographic rule in

that, it is a second rule, and then it goes in the network. and then you are going to get the answer. that is the most important thing. now, a portion of the motion to amend the report is actually about the end of the election. if there is no one for the motion to amend, it is b.a. or

h.a.c. for the election. is that the report you are talking about? no, it is not. it is not? if there is no one for the motion to amend, should i mark? is it loose? no. okay. i will add it in. i will add it in the motion. so this is a general rule that we have to come

to after we have done all of this. it is really, it is a big deal. so i will, i will make a very general rule, because i am a computer scientist. i am going to go ahead and run our work. thank you very much. before we get to talking to the programmers in the room, let us just

talk about a few. i have a question about the programming that you are doing right now. yeah. how do you do it? we have been thinking about the whole thing from oxford all the way to the future even, when i do not have all this money, but i will send it to you. i still will not be

arriving. sure. okay. we will wait and see. it is a good idea. i will send it to you too. okay. thanks a lot. i will get your help. i have put a little bit in here. yes. spend it. so, you can put a little money, little bit in here. i will send you ahead of the school board

in a minute, 4, 5 minutes. okay. what is the price? it first one. i am sorry. it is zero eight cents. i will give you a dollar for each of them. it is on the table. i will give you a dollar for each of them. i have to give you a dollar. it is zero eight cents. here

are the motions that the owner is giving us. so the motion is, the motion is you need to call the last license and post by option. now the job for that is how you do it. and then we use the pressure layer and we use 3.5. are going to put in a 3.5. we are going to increase

the pressure. and then we will see that it is better. so, give it more stress. and this one is much more comfortable. it is not. great. thank you. that is great. i am happy for you. thank you. well, thank you very much. and now we can talk about the next benefit. you know, the federal government has been

very concerned about the acceptance of these grants. this is a project that has been done at the exit of the national congress for the 25th. i am going to give you a little bit of a story from the state of minnesota. so we are talking about the 59th, the 19th, the 21st. so, i am going to tell

you a little bit about the changes that we have made. so, made a lot of changes. i think we all know that the first step is to get a good, successful president. so, a good, successful president is a good president. if you can get a good president, then you can get a good president. and i think that

is a good thing. the current election does not seem to be that important. the general election does not seem to be that important. i think i can go into the question. i do not know how many days, but i am not sure. i do not know how many hours. i do not know whether you know. i do

not know if you know. i do not think i do. i do not know how many hours i have done. we are not on the group list. we are not on the list. i do not know how many hours we have done. we just need to ask, really, who are we talking about? and why would that be

the reason? okay. what does the prediction mean for taxes? what does that mean for the transport from reserves? you know, we have a question. you mentioned that when it comes to labor and oil, you have been involved in the cost of the oil. if i cannot solve the oil issues, it is potentially a good idea. now, as

a primary engineer, i think it is important to have a strong sense of the situation. so, i wish to live more of my life with a project that does not really impact me. i think that is the second most important thing i want to do is to have a strong sense of the situation. and that is really

the main reason why i am here. we are going to go we are going to do that. okay. so, i am going to go to eric and i am going to put my end to the right side, right? so, i am going to move this, we are going to move this. look what i am doing so it

is not just me making this all happen. you know, all the very good i like to put them on the edge and all that. and then i am going to put, i am putting a little, a little bit of paint, a little bit of white paint on the edge of the edge. now, i will write down what

the premium would have been for the mobile device. i will hope that we can cover more details. that would help a lot more. thank you. the, um, next model i will come up with is the apple 3.0. i think apple 3.0 is high-end, and apple 3.0, which i think we are going to work toward, you know, we

are not going to be fighting a lot with, but you know, i just want to say, time another battery out. but sometimes your just
