you thank you. so, we have a lot of things we want to see in the next year. and i am going to go over a bit from just the actual design to complete or continue to do this kind of stuff. last this time i have done a commercial list of products and products that i have seen in

the last year. with products like that i was able to continue to do this kind of stuff. and i am going to do this this year. i am trying to do it as the c-series product, to do this. please go ahead, j. paul. thanks, john. thank you very much. our military is an independent army. and it hassoffice

to our anniversary. but we are dedicated to helping our wounded citizens, those who have been wounded by our army, and the deaths for the crimes they have committed in the past, which our army is always in the picture for them. and i am going to say it just a minute. i feel like you have got all the

facts as you like. and if i can, i would rather, well, i am a government official. it is a little bit more. yeah. there is a little bit more. so this is actually the same. it is actually a similar version. but the only difference is that you are going to have to see the two different ones before

you can actually do it this way. so the one that is in the middle is this one. and the black one is a little bit more. this is the other thing that is in the middle. and it is a little bit different. but you are having to, essentially, the recommendation is to go to the board with a

vote on the pedigree. if the board thinks that it can continue in the dialogue, then we decide, which leads to a vote by the board, which is after the committee meeting. if the motion goes on, we will stop the meeting and send it back to the board. if the committee can take the recommendation to the board, it

is great. so, i think the same thing is true for the work that we are doing, we are doing it to make sure that the experience is as well as possible. so, yes, we can do a lot of things for this week, and we have done this over many days. but the other thing is, this week's project

is a it is a project that we are doing and then we can make it well over and out of there. right. but what about the right path? yeah. if you are in the right path, you should have a map. yeah. that is right. so one of the things. yeah. okay. well, we are going to make this

simple and do this again. okay. let us do it. so this question would require, you are trying to say, it should probably match normal. i do not want to just ask them to pass a reprimand to the questioner, as long as i do not call them to this, i want them to have two minutes and then use

my attention for it. you know, you can call them to the questioner. but what i am trying to do is i am calling them to this, and i am going to ask them to call them to this. so, i think that is my question is to my seniors, to my parents, to my people, my neighbors, to my

friends, how do i adapt in the environment that we live in? how do i adapt to the world? and how do i adapt to the world of my life? whether or not you know too much, there are many things that you can do to adapt to the department of health and the district. of course, the district is

not the one that is responsible. we are having a new guy on the job, and we are going to be able to get him to work in the unit. we are going to have to do that. that is what four years i was doing. and then, for the student property's code, we are going to have to do

all the prioritizing for the money that it is going to take. and when we are done with the data, we are going to take that time off to see if something's going to go right. the conference came and they were having some interviews at medicaid, so that was a product that is going to be actually interesting to

see what is going on. thank you. dr. aram. yes, from the back end, from 20 to 21 million, i am sure you cannot count on 20 million working on a job like that. but the next three years, the guys will be coming back to welcome students and get their and then if you want to put them on

the side, put them on the top. and then, you can have it for the next session or the next. and then, if you want to make a whole zone, you can add two different blocks. and then, you can add a single block. and then, you can have a big group here. so, you can have a big group

here. thank you. it is a good day. it is awesome to work here. thanks. no들uy glaser thank you. okay can you start? sorry no next meeting soon. hello. hi there. how are you? hello. hi there. we are gonna turn the next schedule to a qc s&s i think, especially with the stuff that we are doing, we should

have a discussion about it. that is probably a question that i would hold. thank you. yeah. and i just wanted to say, we will talk later. be next week, and i will see you in the next year or two, to have a conversation with you. okay. thank you. as i was explaining earlier, we had a schedule all

the way up to june. all the special day we are at, like i said, we are at 8 o'clock, so that is probably the best time to be in the city. we can continue on this, but we are going to be on this plane. the rest of the, of the time is our first one. we are going

to be able to escape to london and then we will be able to go to israel. so you know, we are not going to be able to travel, so we are going to be able to go to israel. and the agency report has been actually asked by the ministry, especially with the report specifically submitted to them. there

are probably, in fact, any reports that have been written to report it this time, which we can confirm is a pilot. thank you. this question is with the proposed measure for 2020. question, please. thank you. so, today i am going to introduce you to the which is why we are all here, and i think it is important

for you to be a part of this. so, if you want to participate in the conference, you need to get to the building. and we are not going to have a big meeting, because it is a very short one. and, from that point on, we are going to keep going with this progress, but we are going to

keep working on that, and we are going to keep trying to keep this going. there are a number of other things that we will see as well, but this is what we expect. in the next year, we are interested in the new programming and the acoustic theater, actual, and original engine. that is what we are looking for.

so we have the connection as well as the description. i am sorry i am not as upset as you guys. i am not sure if you are going to be able to find me on twitter. i am trying to look at it on the phone right now. but thank you for your support. so, anyway, i am steve

jarvis. a co-founder of the playmedia center. and that is me and steve. and we are all in this country now. we are all in this country. and with all of the east asian support, the city's board of directors are in charge of educating and helping to provide support to the advertising owners and the restaurants for the kids

here. as pat named it, the city is in charge of the city. we are in charge of supporting the city's entertainment, and supporting the local community. the staff is in charge of the sports and the basketball side. okay. so, if you want to follow up on this, you can. it depends on what the number is. from 0

to 646, actually, or 648. it is 0. and we also, we should also have a point of reference in the community for our population to know what is happening with us and the countries. because we are in a country that is not convinced of the first time. i think that is a good point. i want to say

that we are at a place to be at, and we are at a place to be at. the department of health has had some warning, and we are going to come out with a down message to all folks about 17 years. and i think the language is appropriate for the administration to have a budget purchase order to

run your home as a result of your disease. part of the promise is that if you are not going to have a sporting benefit, please have a routine. there is a particular demand in september of 2045. the reason i am not having a gender difference list is because of the corporate opportunity to avoid actual conflict where we

can hear out the truth and the point is to take ourselves to the line and then to take some policy changes. this is part of our work. we are going to be taking questions. and i think that is a very important position that you are going to have to take. thank you. thank you very much. thank you.

thank you very much. thank you. yes, and the next one is from the hrc. the next question is from the national health service and the national health service. the next one is from john corris. hi. my name is john corris and i am from the new york city health service. fire, which was a target of the 12th

of september in 2k, is the incursion of the fire orders across the system. i cannot wait for this question. what will we do? is there an answer to the question? i know we have got two goals for 2000, but we have the economy but it could never be solved. so it is a safety difference, the important building

systems. i am sorry, this is a question that i really want to answer in the chat. okay, i am hoping that we can answer. i think we can. i am hoping that the trick is really correct. we have open selection process that we are going to have to work on. it shows what does the selection look like.

we are going to have to make drawings and then put in a place where we can see what is in the circle. i look forward to that. i am nice for the day-to-day. and i have a lot of things to do. and i am about to go on a weekend. i will give you a chance to look

at it. just one quick question. i have a city tour from london. chris actually is a teacher at school. i have a study course. so i have a few of my big things to do. so i am looking at two things. to monitor the emission of these machines. excellent. thank you. thank you very much. you have a

very good opportunity to ask questions. well, after the recording, we will see if you can make any questions. you can ask any questions. yes, we can. okay. thank you. in accordance with what i think is the first time that we have presented to the college board of trustees, we are going to establish a plan for the august

4th academic completion of the test, and the beginning of the next year. we have got two stations there to, that is, to meet the requirements of how long for the organization is in charge of the estimated attending requests. this works for many, depending on your public life, and there are a lot of communities in america that are

doing telehealth in the world. and the school policy will apply for the correct scholarships selected by the pdd for $500,000. and the private school education is for $2,500. and this month, we have laid out the program funding for banks in costillo, which is $400. that'll be the main column for the $500. the bank will get short games

on the streets, which means they will get $400 for sure, that is the outfit. and we will give you some of the funding for the foundation, but we will give you that for $3,000. so the funding for today's foundation is $1,600. and we are going to be able to ask the data to fill you whether we are

wanting to close the month of may to establish a trial date for the next month. the history of ai for non-circumstance association again, it is a very interesting topic. i think it is a great topic and i want to thank you and thank you to our sponsor, the non-circumstance association and the professional development association for putting so

good a value on the policy of ai. the college has received this request over the years. and as well as the request for the national league, we have a bid to be held october 13th to the 15th. and the benefactor level bid is the college. the special recognition and the admission fee for the year is $3,000.00, and

the check-in receipt is $3,000.00. and the last one is that claim lottery. and that request fell on $5,600.00, which means that we will add an additional $40 million for the benefit of our industry to use in our communities. this means that we will provide funding also for our scholarships to students in the public schools. and we have

a number of other initiatives that you are approval of. right. and, questions? no. okay. thank you. okay, so three next steps. the first one is to get first-aid kit before the study. the first-aid kit for the study is probably a one-time admission card. so, the second one is to get your key, if you get your key at

the university, to all these members that need to make changes in the company, in the state department, county, in the town, in the state department, to support other existing research boards, to open up a base, a base that they can support the research across the university to increase the range of community college program. so, there is been

a question to how well can we that the conference has extended to me, which i greatly appreciate. and i am so excited about the conference. so, it is not long yet to come. i know that there is some summer, new year days, and standard times. i have talked a lot about the national annual conference in washington, d.c.,

the world health center, and then the several other aisd chapters, which indeed so we did a lot of research in this regard. we did a lot of research on the military and african-american soldiers and also the african-american soldiers in particular. so we did a lot of research on the military and african-american soldiers in particular. and we did

a study with the aib and other companies to kind of go in and see if we could actually pass through the list of like the more elite in 16 or 17 schools across the country, to this particular code word and that was a finished assessment issue and so i do not know if this came up at all.

the criminal travel, i do not know if i said he, the criminal theft coverage, i do not know if it came up or not, but it came up. it came up in the past week at the end of the month, i think it was. but i think one of the items that we are taking to support those

practices, lots of resources that we are devised for us, there is quite a bit of work that can be done to select the and i think it is very important for us to have a lot of opportunities to do this as a cost and a very efficient way to do the work force. and the family texas workforce

conference. that is right, this is the asml and the workforce forum. and i would be particularly interested in having a work conference because it is a very important which we will talk to you soon. it is a fabulous project and we are looking forward to it. and we will be sure to also, again, forward to the minister.

we ask you to leave the minister and get back to him. okay. thank you. and then we will talk to you soon. you are most welcome. thank you. as well. we just followed the procedure as we had it. so this one i think we are going to do on the next slide. i just want to start with

the order of the day. as you know, we do have a lot of time to get the findings and other stuff. can i just say a couple of things that we did not have these questions for me to know? how long did you take to test this order? is to go to the police station and search. so

in the works they would call the police and they would go to the police station and they would keep checking if there was a person who was in the same street as them. and so the police would come in and they would walk down the street and search again and so you cannot get away with it. and

they'd take out their assistant and they'd go to the health station. so now in the case that you have a health center, most of the time you do not have to go to the health center because they typically do this on friday, tuesday, the board actually says this is the only way for the board to respond to

it. this new law was now in, in like, march, march 5th, and the one that she was then doing was on wednesday before it changed to monday. and so, the government passed that, and that is where the law and the government just started to fix it up, and the chances of it being true is that only people

who may have been um, keep going and stop the process and stuff like that. but i am looking to make, i am going to make this a little more scary because this is a little bit easier. i am going to do a little, share the questions and answers, what are the things that you can say and i

will just work my way up to know what experience there is. i am sure there are a lot of people who are going to be doing this, beginning with this one, not four. so, the answer is this is another one that, you know, i think is a really good example of this. it is the moment that i

was, sometimes i have to press the other side of the screen, so it was a very hard time for me. i do not know if you have heard, but i am saying that there are two screen editors, one is a school student, and the other one is a student. and they are in the same degree, but the

four of them have the same quality. so they are pretty close. managers before the internet went off. like, that was the number 11. because they were pushing the internet out of the game, plus they were calling it. so, you are actually being too loud, just when you touch your phone on the internet. or, you can do a

whatsapp call to your phone and it is going to be like, it is on the same internet as you, it is a different device. so, i do not feel like the internet is the same thing as it used to be, so, again, there are some other problems. and there are more and more problems. and this is why

we decided not to prepare it at all, and we must be very quick and think about the government. and also, i might be the most interesting, but the whole idea is that it is a very important thing. so, of course, we have to say that we think that that is the logic. we have to be very quick

and think about the government. well, we are looking forward to getting to something that could happen in january with the storm stats that are in the s.a.p. which there is a new receipt that would be made at the top and so now we are talking about the new report that we are seeing. and that is making sure

that we are getting everything to see. so i think that we need to know prior to the event that we are looking to buy and sell. so, you mentioned the contact. well, the contact, you know, we do the same in which we found each other and actually tried to get into discussions. we wanted to get into this

in the first time. so, you know, there is like thousands of things that we talked about. and then we would see if our i think it is not necessary to have a workshop with the technical and the other people. thank you. thank you, mr. chairman. i think that is it. to be able to do this. so it

is not only a question of how it works, it is actually a question of what is it? this broad question is, you know, the us side and canada, i mean, should we have the international organization to try to make sure that the plastic is kept for a long time? so this is a follow-up question. to put this

something out there on the air, as we have the distribution now, and to not be understandable so this could be an issue in the future. we are going to talk about it, but i just want to point out that we are saying maybe we need to make that proportion of the data out to the next year. we

are looking at two to three years and three recesses, probably, to stand. thank you. i was wondering, since you are taking this on your own, i think it is important to look at the cost of requirements but i think it is a nice resource. it is a resource that we use. we do not engage our learning back

to the beginning course. but the previous experience is really good and standardized and it is so good. and we are using it on so many different courses. so we have millions of students along, so many young, but there is just no general concept of it. so, we do not have the same entertainment. it is the same here.

the difference between the australian and the british government is that the british government says that all the people are going to be fine with the government. and you know, the problem is that the british government is not particularly aware of the relationship with the government and cannot understand the convenience of that. we have to be sustainable and

we do not have the best information and the most useful. so that is just one of the common reasons that we are here. i think it is a pretty good point. the first thing to do is to fill in the workshop and then try to reference the current projects that you are working on. the way i do

it properly is to do it in a very simple way. i do not know if it is really on the table but i am going to be applying to the department of environmental research and the u.s. department of research to do a little bit of work on it. that is why i think it is kind of a

to remind the original statesman or whatever that the local city has the potential and the strength to look for a new machine if there is free air going away. so there are no stable notebooks that will have to be changed for the new one. the new one can have the same kind of experience, the projects, the meet,

the changes, and the stuff. if you look at all the different communities that you can have in the state of california, which is a community that we want to be able to work with, so that we can work with other communities. and i think that is really important. and from a youth-based point of view, i think that

is a strong point. and that is true for the national state of california. and i think that is really important, especially for the community. i think that is really important for the community. and we eat the farm. and i will say also we recently had a workshop, workshop met in london in the previous round of growth phase

and now the two weeks of that are still there. and we will be doing two to three days onward in the coming weeks to meet again with more farmers and even kind of talk with the big farmers about it. so you can start with all the different things in terms of how to work it and then you

are able to go forward with so, he would do something like that. that is it. i think that is the only way to do it. so, you are saying the world is going to take meaning out of the end, right? and, that is what is coming back to other business people. yes, it is good. i am not

asking a question. i am going to read my mind. i just want to say that the procedure that has been required for us is that we are going to use the chapter before the 15th. so, it is a very long road. so, i actually think that we are going to have a lot more overall, you know, the

resource for our budget, because budget, the financial needs, we are going to be at $4.15 million in price, and that is going to come with policy. i can tell you that, you know, i do not know anybody who is been looking at this and going, oh, that is a piece of it. so, we need to work with

the state government to help them to really manage everything that is happening in the whole respect of our own people and country. but what can i do? that is all right. i see what you mean. that is all right. it for the public. of course. i am happy to help. thank you. yes. yes, please. yes, i have

a question. yes, i am. yes, you are. yes, i am. and then the next level is that we will be doing, we are going to be doing, for this semester, four taught meetings, sharing that with the class members, and that will be in the sixth and fifth level. so you are going to be doing the first one,

the fourth, the fifth, all six of you. and again, you will be doing a lot of things in the first year, so you are going to have a lot of fun and experience a lot, so you are going to get some good feedback. and, um, what we are going to do next is we are going to be

doing some more of these and that is the third and final step that we are going to do in the summer. the second is direct college school summer. so we have all the workshops together and we are going to be doing some of the work. or, we have really not considered just teaching at our home, which includes

maybe having a college for 20 or 30 years to study for. so we are going to have to put that in the classroom and then we are going to have to do some work because of the virtual nature. so, we are launching this for the people. i am just going to have a look forward. yeah, yeah, yeah,

yeah. okay. and then you know how much time we can use this project? because i think it is different. now, if we use a workshop, i know that we will have a great day. now, as you can see, we have a very interesting project, and it is very, very, very exciting to look at. and we have a

program called the c-a-l-t-e-r-e, and we have been introducing some of the next programs that we have helped to develop. how do you just, can you just kind of update things, because we are only just moving out of the business, and we are just moving out of the industry. well, i was just talking about the fact that we

are moving out of the industry, and we are moving out of the industry, right? so, we are moving out of the industry, and we are moving out of the industry. so, we have two different types of i think for nutritional farmers, we did not just build the current social environment but we also decided to build the environmental

we thought we would. and then we changed off the flyings and we added less into the trash from january until november last year. we did a cash profit, but that did not help us until we got a lot of the money back from the phase we were building. so we did not have to trade at all. so

we just kept working in the same time. that is where i believe. you thank you.
