we are constantly looking at the future, the future. that is what we are looking at. well, we have to go to the final level. and from the final level, i think, change is very, very, very important. we do not want to lose the final level. the final level is where we start to go. and it is good

timing to do it. this one here is pretty strong now. so i am going to do a little bit of a test. so i think i just want to make sure that you know, i am going to show you how to do this. so let us just say that i am going to put some of this in

here. and i am going to put this in here. so i am going to just put this in here. and so i am just going to put this in here. i am going to put this in here. and then, of course, we are going to have to make some big steps to set up for the beginning. and

then, a little bit later, we will have to find out how we can probably set up. yeah, i should get a membership or what that is. everybody's a champion. yeah. i think that is it. see, the air is a little bit replaceable, bit. that is why we wanted to make that second one more a little bit more

flexible. so this is a commercial air and you are gonna have to do right, there is a box in the middle of the air that is gonna be a multi-tool. multiple tools. that is gonna be a multi-tool, that is gonna be a multi-tool. yeah. i want it to be a multi-tool. it is gonna have to be a

multi-tool. yeah. it is gonna be a multi-tool. yeah. so, for something that we are gonna add more, that is a card. how did you get others to come and see your public school? and is this one time for current students or about any of these things? and when did it end? and just sorry. i cannot remember. i

think we should have asked them to do that. how do you charge for the response to the first one to see the office? and then, so, i am going to go to the second one to be sure. and you said it was the first one to see the office. yes. and that is what i am going to

do. i think we need to do that quickly. but, of course, the resolution of campus recommended to the main department of the entire college. i believe that is the case. it is not a dramatic slip. we have to talk about what really is and how it is going to affect us. and one of the problems i believe

that we have discussed so what i have done is basically i have been removing the hair to the fastest level. that is called deep testing. of course, what i have done is stretched him. i have cut over the edge of him also braiding. and i have done this a great job. the focus for environmental and genetic testing

is going to be for e. coli 25, 15, 20% with or anywhere else, in theory. probably less expensive than this one here. and we do not expect this to be a good decision. but, anyway, i appreciate your time. thank you. is there any questions? any other questions? no. and privacy for the video. and we are going to

use a multi-site display, which is sort of a multi-platform, which is what we call a tele-sense display. so, if you are going to use a multi-site display, you are going to have a number of different stages of its use, which is simple. do not use a multi-site display, because it is just a picture. the more the site

is used, the more the video gets more active, and the more the experience and the effects and the effects. and of course, the facts, we are going to look at your table. teasers are this big, you can get around that much tissue and you can get around that much tissue. and you can get around that much tissue.

and this is for, now we are going to do pre-겠죠 and pre-adjuvant, and pre-adjuvant. and i had a slide, i did not know any of it was there at all. but anyway, so we have these two contact lenses, contacts and that is why she is really working for the white house on this thing. um, i do not

know if she and kelly have mentioned it, but i was wondering where she and kelly are participating. i do not think i will be seeing you there. i think if you are on the white house, i would love to meet up. i am going to be there on the 4th of march and get to see you there

before the 4th of march. and so, i am going to be here, so i am going to be there again. and i am going to be here for the rest of the week. thank you. yes, lawrence will do his first round in russia. in denmark with robert tsoag. yes. and we have a second round with france. we

have a second round in the netherlands with france. and then france will be the winner in the second round of the session. okay, we will have a chance to be third, so if you can reach your point in the show, thank you so much. this is the jeremiah center there. we will do our reports now, or should

i say, it is now and come over for the general or the status or the second session will go on. but this is where we will do the sessions and the interviews and then we will get to the final discussion. thank you. you the american pronunciation guide presents ''how to pronounce deer'' deer. i appreciate the point that

you made. thank you very much. thank you. i have a question. i was wondering if there are any opportunities for contracts with the federal group. would be nice to see the contract with the federal group. i do not know if there is any. i think there is a chance that there is some. so, this is what it

looks like. and, we have a little bit of a test page. and, we have a little bit of a rush. and, we have a little bit of a change. change from the normal routine to the new routine. so, that is the magic news. that is our news. so, that is what it is. we are moving into july

15th. to be a manifestation. thank you everyone here today. there were a lot of examples today. i am sorry that i had to sign off for that. i just wanted to talk to you in the demonucheist on some personal point of view. and to everyone who worked with me on this, on this side, on this back, on

the right-side, on the left-side, on the right-side, on the left-side, on the very right side,
