america and to the republic for which it stands -- recording in progress. thank you officer i appreciate that. i will lead with a roll call vote. trustee sal da vair is going to join us late. trustee wilson. thank you. trustee broussard is absent. trustee stoma. online. trustee meza. trustee murillo. trustee vog t. impress he want and we

have a core you mean. chancellor castillo has the notice been posted. chancellor castillo: i certify it has been posted -- anyone signed up to offer public comment. we have two pub lib seegers today. first is dr. burg off. in accordance with word policy each peeker is aloud 5 minutes when the light turns red your light is expired.

good morning. i am president of the american federation of teachers at lone star. i hope the school year is off to a great start for everyone in the room. today i would headache to address two topics. one of them on todayas agenda and one that is not. action item 5 authorizes the chancellor to establish prevailing wage rates

for physical year 2026 in accordance with the department of labor davis bacon act. it has been lone star policy for number of years to require outside employer outside of the college to pay the workers a tariff wage and prevailing wages for respective crafts asset for the houston area by the department of labor. this is a commitment that

was asked of dr. head to consider years ago and we do not want to miss an opportunity to express our support and gratitude that this practice is standard operating proceeder at lone star. adopting prevailing wages affirms the solidarity with all of our working wrotes and sisters across the region. many of whom are the students or parents of

the students. we in the union believe thank the one lone star principle includes committing to a live able wage for everyone associated with the college. whether employed directly by the college or contractors who want to be associated with us. although an action item like this now routinely appears on the agenda about this time of year, the aft

wants you to know that we appreciate this commitment and that we support this practice wholeheartedly. i want to shift gears to an upcoming prohibition from austin in order to commend the board and administration for wisely taking actions in the past that will reduce the negative impact on students and employees in the future. i am speaking of senate

bill 8 which has been passed pipet houses of the legislature and awaits the governor's signature. this is the so-called bathroom bill which requires transgender people to use the bathrooms and tressing rooms corresponding to their gender at birth. violations will be accompanied boy hefty fines not by the individuals involved but by the college. i am grateful and proud

that lone star college made a conscious and proactive decision a few years ago that all all new college buildings would include at least one gender neutral single occupancy bathroom and that as soon as practical all existing buildings would be retrofitted to include one. in fact if this effort is not complete system wide i believe it is very

close. that is bathrooms provide a safe and dignified alternative for transgender students and employees and also are a benefit to others including parents who need to bring small children on campus and disabled persons who need assistance and have caregivers of a different gender. we need to be certain that the locations of these path rooms are well publicized.

i know there are many strongly held points of view related to this issue. what distresses me is that ad mist all of the debate the humanity a of people gets forgotten. i served for many years as chair of the mathematics at lsc cy-fair. during my at the present or we employed two transgender adjunct instructors both of whom

were talented, dedicated and talented teachers. every semester near the end of the pandemic and this past spring i have had at least one trans gender student in my classes every semester. this is not surprising since trans gender persons makeup 1% of the population and faculty teach proximately 100 students over the semester. all of these people are real

people here at our college some search of a better life and have real basic needs. i wish we could shield them all from the ill informed discrimination they endure but i am grateful lone star has welcomed them and respected their dignity. thank you. alleaa frank . i have in accordance with board policy each speaker is aloud up

to 5 minutes and there a light on pod see you mean with leets and when it turns red your time is experiment good morning i am here to address a comment and some concerns that were filed back in 2024 of august in reference to the atcp program here at lone star. after 11 years in education in houston,

three years of my daughter being enrolled in cy-fair isd locally i was extremely excited and happy to be accepted into the actp program. my first ever. in may of 2022. i started classes in august of 2022. in that moment i knew my dream of being a certified teacher will come to pass. upon entrance i noticed unfair placement

each with the high enough gpa i was advertised and given directives to take exams that were not interest requirements based on my transcript gpa's and the program requirements. i was also not even able to effectively communicate with most of the random advisors without being displaced or end to the departments that had nothing to do with continuing education.

i can remember one of the nine advisors within that timeframe would cc me or refer me to someone in the engineering department or maintenance department when specifically asking questions in reference to educational resources, that alone was just one of the many concerns with the advising that i experienced while enrolled in this program. on august 6, 2024 frustrations

about the communication exchange and the turnaround response with testing advisor and instead of one consistent advisor about this specific situation it was escalated from a concerning email and a phone call from 8:30 that am that morning to 4 officers and an advocate detaining me at my apartment and issuing me a trespassing document when i was not on

campus that day. even with all of the complications and years in education my ultimate goal is to remain in education and finish my certification. without addressing specific names or individuals, i am asking lone star to reactivate my account, have grace, to move forward, understand that i held myself accountable the past year due to menelausing my career, after

passing 2 of the 3 recertification exam and taken ta's prior suggestion and give me a consistent advisor, allow me to finish, complete my pursuit in being a certified teacher because i have not ever been diagnosed with anything besides being in the field of education. if you guys have any questions feel free to ask me, however i want

to address that comment and i thank you so much for your time. we are prohibited by law to respond to public speakers during this portion so thank you for your comments. any other speakers. no other public speakers. trustees will move into if agenda. further item number 6 approve of the minutes. now time for approval of the minutes

from the august 7, 2025 budget workshop meeting and august 7, 2025 regular meeting. any corrections to the minutes? see none. may i have a motion to approve the minutes? i have a motion by trustee wilson. my i have a second. a second by trustee meza. thank you. see no discussion i will do a roll call vote. let

the record show that trustee scald sald ivar is here. yes. sto ma ? abstain. murillo? yes. thank you. cain? yes. i vote yes and it passes and. special properties and considerations. chancellor castillo: i am going to start with special reports, events. so we had the fall 2025 system wide convocation on august 19th and a couple of trustee

there is and a former trustee there and i want to thank trustee meza and wilson in attendance and trustee wilson delivered the remarks and thank you. it was a freight event. the feedback has been overwhelmingly positive over the new direction of convocation so i wanted to let the board know we did have that event and by all

accounts very successful. thank you for the trust and consonant if i dense to pivot in a lock standing event to pivot and let it be something different than. dr. has welcome reception on september 8th -- . # i lost audio and i do not know if anybody else did but i cannot hear the chancellor. i cannot hear

either. okay. can you hear me now trustee stoma? yes, sir. trustee vogt, you can hear me as well. thank you. welcome reception is on accept eighth in this very room from 3:00 to 4:00pm and i would like to invite everyone here. it is open to all employees and also community members. we just want to welcome dr. morale

s official officially. i do have a couple recognitions chair. one is to start with lieu at the present ant colonel david and if you come up here -- he asked me to call him david and that will never happen. so you served 24 years as a united states army officer deployed 3 years in iraqi freedom and 3

bronze doors. management from west point and a masters in counseling and leader development from long island. graduate of the us army command and general staff college. science of the queer in 2011 out of 273 programs nationwide. directed emergency management at sam houston from 2014 and 2019. prior to joining us -- launched training and leadership development division. implemented

-- online training and nationally recognized program such as hypo ten shall leadership academy and he is here consistent with what i told the board last month. i know what i do not know. we are hiring people that are experts in what i do not know. that one is veteran's services and who better than him to help us

build not just a place where all is welcome but built for veterans in mind. i would yield the floor to you. thank you very much for this incredible opportunity to serve, to serve our students our he had rans and support the wonderful family here at lone star. just very great grateful for the opportunity. thank you and welcome.

thank you. any comments? welcome. chancellor. this is your time and i would like to dove tail on what he said and comment the system for the social media system they have. i see the facebook posts and linkedin and they are doing a fabulous job with it. thank you, sir. professor: remember that last month we talked a little

bit about the life path program. trustee wilson, in particular. there was mention of dr. davis -- where are you. is it coach davis or dr. davis? come on down. when you get up here tell us what you prefer. let me tell you who coach davis is, also dr. davis,selfs as life coach at lone star tomball and oversees

community internship programs. experience in higher he had and k through 12 administration. contributes to student success and special olympics texas school club. participation in several leadership cohort it is. crew chief and basketball khrushchev referee and honored to be selected and that is the main reason we brought you here is to personally contract late you for teen texas

unified basketball at the 2020 special olympics games in minnesota. you earned a it can tore of education in -- a master of education in secondary education from grand canyon university. dr. or coach, which one? either one. we will go with coach davis. i remember that when i told you that you were going to come here you had

a proposal for me, right? yes, sir. this is an open college and i will encourage to you repeat that proposal in front of the entire board but we do things out in the open so go ahead. when i talked to the chancellor at the vocation i suggested we start a special olympics college club at each one of

the campuses. chancellor castillo: and you shared apparently there is not that many programs in the area, correct? so this is unique to have this many programs in one house correct. we are only the second college in the state of texas that has a professional owe lymph pigs club. chancellor castillo: what do you need from us to do

the thing? chancellor castillo: just your support and your okay. you got the support. let us do it. anything from the board? i always joke with you because that costs money to host so he asked what do you need -- what ? we need some money. thank you. chancellor castillo: it is not my first year as chancellor anymore.

i knew what you meant. i am still in. just give me a figure and we need to support these students. thank you trustee wilson. i know it meant money. thank you. , appreciate it. chancellor castillo: thank you. thank you chancellor. we will now move into chancellor's cabinet. lone star montgomery president reid-hart come to the podium for your

presentation, ma'am. dr. reid-hart: i am short here. just down a bit. good morning chair sullivan, board of trustees, chancellor and colleagues. thank you for allowing me to speak this morning. it is an honor to reflect on lone star college's 53 years of service. does not want to click. there we go. during the fall of 2025 convocation chancellor

castillo released the new logo. the star of tomorrow depicts the bridge that lone star provides for the students to reach their goals. when i first saw the star bust to me represented the thousands of students we have served over the past 53 years. there is a delay. our story began in october 7, 1972 when voters approved the

creation of north harris county college. aldine, prince and districts formed the community college district. classes were initially offered in the local high schools with the administration office located at aldine high school. in 1976 the college officially opened its first campus serving proximately 600 students. in 1957 we awarded 6 credentials. three associate of art degrees u one of

associate of applied science degree and two left one certificates. it was a modest beginning but established our vision of access and affordability. by 1995 that vision had taken root. kingwood opened in 1985 serving approximation matily -- tomball opened in 19 -9d 89 with 1,750 students. montgomery opened in 1995 as the fourth campus enrolling 32. this -- just

a quick shout out. this is our 30 that is anniversary this year. each expansion meant new communities gaining access to higher education close to homement by the end of the 1995 academic year lone star college awarded 6,071 credentials. by 2010 lone star had become a large multiple campus system adding cy-fair in 203 serving 5300 students. university park

opened as a center in 2010 serving over 6,000 students and eventually evolved into the sixth campus in 2012. by the end of the academic year 2010 lone star awarded nearly 46,000 credentials. we have the lifelong learning in 2000 and a growing share of texas associate degree completers making up we were no longer just growing. we were shaping

education across the state. by 2022lsc added adding houston north and then fair banks green point and victory. adding fall brook in 2020. the eighth and final campus online opened in 2022 serving over 3600 students from 2010 to early 2020's certificates grow rapidly and making lone star a major contribute ors to the pipeline. we started offering bachelor degrees

and most impressively in 2020, lsc awarded 157,398 credentials. today, 53 years later. we are now serving 94,000 students. let me correct myself because i did this power last week. as of this morning september 4th, lone star enroll stands at 96,822 students. but as you chancellor likes to remind us, it is beyond the enroll numbers. we are focused

on student outcomes whether it is faculty winning national awards in math and science, hosting regional bio tech conferences being awarded marshall and state grants, providing with professional development opportunities tore simply helping them to prepare to kick the butts of seniors in rice and ut in a nasa competition lone star is a bridge for opportunity. as of august

27, 2025 lone star has awarded 184,091 credentials. each representing a changed life and a stronger community for which we serve. nationally community colleges graduate one to 2,000 students per year. at that rate lone star's total equivalent of -- equals 90 to 180 years of graduation. underscoring our extraordinary skill. as of 2024 a study by the community college

research center and aspen institute found only 45% of community college students earn a bachelor's degree upon transferring. lone star college competes at a 48.5% rate more than 3% higher than the state average. we know students succeed when basic needs are met inside and outside of the classroom. this is why lone star will continue to ensure we are

holistically meeting the needs of our students and the community we serve. academy for lifelong learning has 2,000 members showing education is a lifelong pursuit. we commit to faculty and staff are appropriately trained and have initiatives like and expanded trainings to organizational development. across the system we have expanded food part tree and voucher programs to reduce barers and

support couple lesion. nothing of this happens without the support of our communication. we consider to seek and awarded grants and scholarships and endowments. usually former students or industry partners. we are here to remove by errors. we hire experts and seek opportunities to provide appropriate resources to all of our students. beyond academics lone star serves as an institution

strengthening the community. our students are repaired. our story is still unfolding. the next chapter will expand access, deepen partnerships increase retention and completion and drive innovation, together moving forward as one lsc we will continue to provide a bridge that allows students to not only touch the stars but to surpass the pursuits of their greatest goals. as we

celebrate 53 years we honor our path and look boldly on the future. on be calf the faculty, students and staff and administration we want to thank the board for our support and leadership. we will make the next 53 years just as impactful as the first. thank you. dr. reid-hart thank you for reminding us how far we have

come because it is extraordinary and i know the future is limitless for all of us. chancellor any follow up comment. chancellor castillo: good job. thank you. trustees. any questions or comments? one again, congratulationses and thank you. we will now move to next agenda item which is faculty representative and i will ask the chancellor to tell us about

the change on this description in the agenda. chancellor castillo: yes, sir. this is used -- used say faculty senate presidents and in the last legislative session there was a change under sd 37 that maybe rewrote or wrote for the fertile of what is required by law to have a faculty senate and in the interim part of what

it says activities has been to be suspended while you build a program that complies with the law. like most things we are going to comply with the law and -- what i wanted to make clear and thank you is i am publicly committed to working with our faculty, notwithstanding sb 37. we still believe in shared governance and

academic and fro come and faculty deserve a voice at the table and to be equal partners at finding a solution. over the course of the next few months former faculty presidents and i are going to meet and discuss drafts and work collaboratively in a shared governance model that we can all agree on. each if we are not

all happy on it we will reach a consensus. i want to thank the faculty and many innerinterrupted their summers to have meetings about sb37 over the summer so i am grateful for that as well because i know a lot of you could have waited until august or accept to work on that and you have my public commitment

to work with the faculty because you are the reason that we are here and you do the thing closest to the students and i am grateful for that and i will show my gratitude by always -- notwithstanding sb 37. introduce yourself. professor davis: i am the faculty represent online and i have led two study abroad trips with

lsc. i want to present an overview of study abroad and the impact and attraction it has for the students and highlight some of the trips and faculty involvement. j a quick note, every picture you see here in these slides are legal photos from study abroad trips from faculty and students. these are not stock photos. this is a

map highlighting the scope and range we have over the years at lsc, taking students. this is representing over 5 continents we have taken our students to experience the world. we are possibly working on a sixth in australia but you can see from europe, south america and most recently, issue and a north africa. we are sending our students

out into the world and they are bringing the world back home to lsc. i think this matters study abroad for our students. for many it is their first experience outside of the country and for many it might their only experience outside of the country. some it is their first experience outside of the state. first trip on an

airplane, on a train. so we are really opening up a global and international experience for so many of our students, especially those that do not have a opportunity and means to experience something like that so many other students in this country. the support we get from lone star, the board and the chancellor and honors our -- is

facilitating that. i have some statistics here. the attractiveness of study abroad for students is a major recruiting goal and a major draw for saying in college and i think it signals not only the our students but to the state and nation that study abroad belongs at community colleges and that it is possible. here we can see the

number of hey wards your students have won. we have had over 13gilman scholarships helping to fund to be able to go on the trips. they are helped boy honors education to apply for this and the faculty trip leaders. we have 5 students selected for the case program in tunisia. we have major scholarships from education abroad and lone

star recognized as a top 10 acceptedder from the institute of international he would cage. financial support, our students receive support to lsc employees and staff through the foundation study abroad scholarship endoment, application support and info sessions. we are partnerships with other institutions around the world for cost sharing and we have travel co-ops and any number of avenues.

if you take a look here, we have higher land, japan, morocco, south korea and virtual exchange. so not just get hog a plain and taking a course. we have multiple versions of what we consider study abroad. we have specialized programs. new york city leadership institute. home grown exchanges. a lot of this is supported on the faculty side

by our faculty international exploration award fie for short where we give faculty opportunity a small stipend to travel and develop international education intives. if you look at the pictures on the bottom, he is one of my workforce colleagues who was able to get an fie award to australia and possibly develop a program for study abroad through workforce

to take students to australia. global workforce wins. 31 million job postings require study abroad skills. eighty-nine% of students develop 21st century skills through international experience. these are skills that our students need and value and our student employers value. so this is a kind of list of some of the programs we have done recently take a look at

the type of courses we are offering. it is not just history and humanities which i teach and we do have but you notice we have physical education courses, chemistry, accounting, government. and these faculty who take these students come from across the campuses. i work with a colleague at kingwood, development program we have done to spain and portugal.

lsc online. so it is an opportunity for faculty come together from across the campuses and work collaboratively and the students from all over the district and getting to know one another and programs and experience working with different professors. so one of the great things on the faculty side getting to work with other faculty and students i might

not otherwise get to work with. we have some quotes from an article recently published and this is steve davis that i have known for a long time. we are having a class in the . to be walking through the streets of a beautiful city in morrocco and have a guest speaker or a tour and that is experiential

education. we have had trips to the philippines. i am going to run through these. mostly just the pictures and highlights that we can see. of course you can see it is not just about the text learn and concept and ideas, subpoenas food, culture and meeting other people. japan. this is a popular one recently. we have students on

a wait list to get into these programs. i wish we could take more and have more. morocco and of course we are taking lone star out in the world. we like to do that with our banner on the trips. sharing this from a students. barbee, this was a stop in madrid. this is picassos in madrid. famous study.

seeing it in person in the museum was a dream come through. what energized the experience was learning and learning about picasso creating guemica. instead of sitting in my classroom and looking at a powerpoint slide, to actually go and see it and to make that happen through especially the funding and support of lone star college. another student talking

about seeing the tomb of chris christopher columbus and what that meant to him. we had a great trip to ire lined on mythology and culture. they traveled to rural areas and city areas and museums and again, guest speakers. this is one we are proud of south korea led from john theis. there from june 18 to august 1

nutt. our students were teaching english to korean students. they earned $1,000 doing that. next four weeks they sat on courses in any number of courses with international students and spent over a month in korea and had a profound and transformative experience. professor xu leading a study approve program transformed not only my student's world view but any own

approach to teaching. i think that is important. reminding me that education lives where curiosity meets culture and that the most powerful lessons often happen far beyond the classroom. i have had students change their major having been 40 a trip. it can have a profound, profound impact. in closing i think to thank everyone at honors and international education.

they support they give us is beyond words but i want to thank the chancellor for his support and the board for your support for study abroad programs and particularly awards that we are able to give our students. you know, without which there is really no equitable way for many of these students be able to see the world

and experience what they do in study abroad. and with that, i am happy to take any questions. thank you profess sore davis i have a question but i like to ask my colleagues first. any questions? if i may, dr. cain. that is a very impressive program. thank you so much for sharing that. you may have touched on

this and i may have missed it but how are the students chosen or do they opt in and about how many students per academic year are in this program, taking advantage of the opportunity to travel. tip like we run four programs of this straight study abroad trips. it can be 3 or 4. the number of students might

be 14 to 22 with 2 or 3 faculty members t selection process is rigorous in terms of -- each trip has its own criteria but it is an open process. every student is eligible and typically a minimum grade point average and a letter of intent or essay writing why they want to go. we -- i can speak

for myself, we try to select from a broad range of students. some might have travel experience that is beneficial but essentially those that do not have experience and this is their first time. we select from different majors and campuses and we have any number of criteria that we use to try to select the best group that we

can, that is an even distribution in any number of categories and we do our best but we have wait lists. unfortunately. it is also -- unfortunate to tell students they cannot go that might otherwise be eligible and needing and wanting to. the more he can expand this program to the extent possible we can serve each more students.

thank you. trustee s saldivar. thank you. i truly support these types of programs and i am glad lone star has them because i benefited from them when i was at the university. it was my first experience traveling outside of the state and it does change you. it gives you a new perspective on peoples' cultures, the government, social,

everything. so, you know, it kind of let us you to kind of think we are not the only ones, right? and so because of that i haven't stopped traveling so that is very, very true. obviously our university was a little bit different but they are very expensive, those programs but we had scholarships for that. but you would

think as a student, because that is what i thought, oh i am going to be site seeing everywhere and this is and that but no. it is really not. yes, you can site see but it goes with the program but it is a very hard and sort of difficult, right, -- if you would like to talk more

about that but you get so addicted to that, that once you do one program you just want to continue to do that. so thank you for offering that. chancellor i truly do believe if we could expand the program because it is life changing to a student. it really is. thank you. you had a question did not you

and you asked if we could do more -- professor davis: based on what you were saying i do thing it is not just the museums and the trips and the site seeing. it is also the camaraderie the students develop. it is the small things, the spaces in between and trying something new, an encounter they might have, riding

a train, public traps portages, having a conversation with somebody else that might open their mind and the mind of others. it is important as you illustrate, it is not just sending them out but coming back for our campuses and college, for their colleagues, churches, and communities and bringing that experience and making that community in our community college

that much better. so let me start with this, can you talk a little bit more about the faculty experience because if you go back a few pictures i get stressed out about the faculty member being -- that stresses me out just looking at them professor davis: it stresses me out. . chancellor castillo: i cannot imagine being responsible

for that many humans in a different country because i get lost by myself. can you talk about that what is the stress level in being accountable for that many other humans. professor davis: it is stressful but international education we have trainings throughout the year. we have expectations and trainings with students. we have contracts about behavior of course.

these are adults. nobody goes who is not over 18 but it is impressed upon them that they have funding from lone star. they are representatives of this college. we select based on the kinds of students and people we think can handle this. we meet with the students well in advance and you know, one of the things we

talk to them about is do not ruin this for the next group and i think they understand and appreciate that. we do have parameters and limits realizing that these are adults but they are taking a course, they are paying tuition for it and many of them are getting funding and i think for the most part, it gets

through and does not mean there are not missteps along the way but -- most of the students -- . professor davis: yes, but there is that bonding experience that we are in it for each other and we pick each other up and those that have stronger language skills help faculty and help the other student, maybe have more

experience traveling and can help those. there is culture shock and the new, especially in some of these countries that are far across the world. it is an experience and an experience from faculty. yes, it is stressful but i also appreciate the fact that i am a representative and i can speak for the rest of faculty of lone

star and i am a steward of lone star and these students and you know, i think after the first few days most of these groups and trips realize we are in this together even though there is an individual experience, and award. we are doing it collectively. we are learning. we are going and bringing this back home. chancellor

castillo: and the last thing i want to say, thank you professor is i am a support of world travel. i as a human do not like to travel because the reasons is i get nervous but i am a supporter of it because i think in order to offer world class education we have to travel the world. there

are certain things that we can read about and watch videos but there are certain things that have to be experienced. art is the a good example. you can see a picture of art but when you standing before it that in front of the canvas that the artist stroke there is a feeling and education about it. you can

read about architecture and it but there is something to sitting in front 406 a cathedral or monument made by humans and there is an educational aspect that cannot be replicated by international travel. i do think we offer a world class experience here at lone lope and part of this is offering a world class experience. professor davis before

you leave i think i heard you say you wish you could make more students. so i wrote down what interest limitations and barriers. professor davis: on a particular trip it would be hard to take such a large group with flights and logistics but opening up to more programs, being able to go. we do 3 or 4 a

year and that is the main study abroad as i highlighted in some of the slides we have shorter term programs for sure. support. as was mentioned with the one of the previous experiences. recruiting x reviewing students and making students -- yeah. okay. second question, is there -- on these trips and with study abroad, is there a difference

between community college participation and other others? professor davis: i do not think so. i am not quite sure in terms of the kinds of trips we do at lone star. i do not believe are different other than being better. you know, ours are, for the most part, curates in-house. the one that steve davis and i led we

helped book the flights and do the logistics. we do have some others with partnerships that are ready made that we can segue into and those are val vallable too and that helps us to its scale. most of the other study abroad programs at big universities, they get student from all over the country. university of texas study abroad

you have students from new york and other institutions because yes, there is something valuable but it is possibly a money maker. ours is not to make money but focus on students and give them the best experience possible and we work hard to keep those costs down but also make it safe, rewarding, enjoyable and it is kind of

a home grown here at the community college. but in terms of the courses they are taking and experiences they have, i challenge any other study abroad program from harvard to the university of together as to give the experience. that is a good way to end your presentation and thank you. appreciate. look forward to having you back. board

members will now proceed into the agenda and agenda calls for two items, one special reports and announcements and then two committee reports. so let us go with special reports or announcements and i will look down to my left. trustee murillo? trustee meza. thank you. this is more of a comment versus a report. i was able to attend

the houston merach ia festival and i was able to take my parents and it was really rewarding to see them experience that. i was commenting to earlier this morning about the experience and trustee murlillo and trustee sal bizarre i have been before and this was the first time and i frequent the houston film festival and i highly

recommend and it is in march and i am pretty sure i will be a regular with lone star but i am definitely going to invite more people to this. we had the best seats that you could ask for and we are proud to represent lone star there and just the really great program. a lot of the performers

with the mayor ashy group and i believe they were called -- teach eggs and instructors and many down from the valley and their friends 06 a friend and so it was a really good experience and they did an amazing show. very rich culturally and me person nationally i am not of mexican heritage but i got to learn

a lot about the heritage and culture and it was beautiful to see that and experience that and also with my parents. my mother just gotten rolled her into the academy for lifelong learning program. she attended a tiachi class and enjoyed and got lost on campus but someone who was a friendly face helped her out and she learned

a little and i think she is attending a field trip and doing some other class sos i am really grateful for the college to offer that program and the other day i was running at the track of my local middle school and i ran into someone and i told them about this program and so hopeful we can

get more insold. i did not think to get to mention this last month but i attend ad play and i think some others may have attend. barbecue apocalypse. you did not attend it? no. yes? it is a great play and really cool and very tongue in cheek and has a feel good story the end and i plan

to attend more plays and i encourage others to attend plays at our campus. extremely well done and impressive and they let us tour the set afterwards. that was awesome. thank you. trustee sald saldivar? thank you. trustee wilson? like the chancellor says i was able to speak at the convocation and if you do not go because it was

voluntary you missed a treat. the chancellor, you all did a really good job in changing it and making it more about the people that are here at lone star and debuting -- which debuted -- the things that he did at the convocation but it was really awesome and you did a great job. thank you trustee wilson. let

me go to our virtual participates. trustee stoma? no comments. thank you. trustee vog t any comments? the work and the international travel. yeah, it is great. i fully support all that we are doing out there. thank you. yes, sir. i have one report, lope lone foundation report, the board of trustees has an empty seat -- the board

hosted a retreat this month which i did attend and was able to meet their new officers and direct and i would like to thank and congratulate the new foundation offers that started their new term this week. . james harrison with harrison architects, pass chair. three new board members were avoid. jenna tailor, garcia and . i want to

give a thank you to the chesmare foundation that hosted 200 nursing scholarships this year which brings the total to nearly 300 full nursing scholarships funded. thank you. now we will do reverse order on committee reports and i will actually use our committee chart. i am going to do audit and finance last. i do have a report for

the -- for my colleagues and those here. the polis see review committee consists of myself trustee meza, cain and broussar broussard. we met on august 25th and september 2nd to review policy changes because of when the meeting agenda had to be posted you will see two proposed changes in today's agenda. and vision statement as action item 21

and acitem 22. we will have more proposed policy revisions at the oath board meeting that will include items discussed with board counsel with proposed policy changes with board processes. those changes will be presented at the oath board meeting. thank you. is chancellor goals and evaluation. trustee murillo. thank you. recognizing that committee provides a voice in the development

of policy and procedure, chair sullivan has asked -- when the committee plants to meet and procedures we plan to address. this helps us in making sure we plan accordingly and evaluate priorities, communicating with the chancellor of yourself and preparing for future agenda items. board counsel -- board counsel, thank you for helping us kind of modify or create

a committee -- committee charge. the goals and evaluations committee charge in general just makes recommendation to the full board regarding of the eval age chancellor's progress established by the board and chancellor and revisions to the chancellor's contract. so -- thanks to a hard working group of committee members we were able to come up with an improved evaluation

process created last year and among those changes that were recommended, openly a couple of them but our committee will meet this month and closed session we will be discussing the proposed board retreat or meeting. we haven't really decided what we are going to call it. it is the where the chancellor presents his goals to us but the

committee will meet to kind of prepare for that. and we will give a report on that at the next meeting. thank you. committee, trustee wilson? thank you. committees, trustee cain. no report. community engagelet committee. no up dates at this moment. technology committee. no up dates. audit and finance, ms. internet is going to coordinate meeting date for important

business so the audit committee is myself trustee cain and trustee sald ivar so be on a look out for an email from ms. bunett. we will now move to consider age of the consent agenda. any items to be pulled for discussion in separate consideration. i will start to my right. . no. trustee cain. thank you. trustee stoma?

. no trustee vo brett thompson? no. well i hate to break the pattern but i have one item and i am going to pull item 17 but it is for a positive comment. so the following items had been removed from the consent agenda tore separatation, item 17. may i have a motion to approval -- just for the

record read this out. one, 2, p-h-5, 7, 8, the, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 18, 19, 20, 21, 22. do i have a second second. discussions? no discussions. i will do a roll call vote as the items called. (audio out). call item 17. may i have a motion for item 17? trustee wilson make a motion.

second? trustee saldivar second. and if dr. vienne can come up real quick. i think it is worth noting. thank you. item 17 has to do with the special fund that was created for repair and replacement and this i think might be the first expenditure under that new, can you walk us through that real quick so that we

can say that board decided to do something, administration carried it out and now we are at the point of seeing the work. dr. vienne: it has been a work in progress over the last 2 fiscal years. a lot of collaboration to continue to expand not only the r and r program but what we affectionately refer as the

r and r program. what we did with support is continue to look at ways to increase that. so we have not only increased the r and r fund from 10.5 to $12.5 million over the past two bundle years to work on our out dated or ages maybe a better term facility but abc johnson's team has worked till

gently to allocate funding for other improvements that are not covered under the r and r statutes. so carpet, paint, signage and think in need of repair. through those collaborations we have continued to support the programs and continue to support the company puss and division of those facilities. thank you very m. any thoughts. chancellor? okay. we will do

a role call vote. any further questions. trustee saldivar? thank you. trustee wilson? broussard is absent. trustee stoma? thank you. wilson? no. cain thank you. and i vote aye as well and the item passes. quell now move to the financial report. dr. vienne: i felt like i was going to say here and i have my stickies for all

of the other items. just a reminder of the board this is the close out of 11 out of the 12 months fiscal cycle. we have moved into fiscal year 26 so the teams are working to close out fy25 and opening fy36 and looking at fy37. as we are looking at ideas we are talking about at this point

through the financials of july 31st. as i eluded to last month, state appropriation as triggered under a 3 pay. the state was off this year and we did not receive the state a appropriations in the targeted month of june. as i indicated last month they were down and showed the distribution. the state -- the check was in

the mail as you say and it was received and has been reconciled and we did receive the final payment so all state appropriations were received to the tune of $114 million putting it back in line with expectations. i want to point it out later on that miscellaneous revenues continue to track under and that the directed to fast

funding. i mentioned it several times. we have not received any of the fas funding for fall or spring semesters. on 8/27 we did receive the fall payment of $2.8 million and that is not reflected here because it is in close out but i did want to say that miscellaneous revenues are down due to fas funding and they

are continuing to trickle in but mid september before we receive everything due for fy235. i know there are lots of questions and conversations about fas funding and state appropriations so end to highlight them. when we look at expenditures you can see that most of all are in line with where we have tracked this time last year. you

can see an increase in salaries year over year. the biggest atestament to that is a continued increase in compensation packages that we have looked at as well as -- we were representing the across the board raises that were given as well as 4% increases. a lot of the additional items are tracking and showing up this time of

year so you can see year over year we have in increase in salaries but well in tune with what was expected. when we are looking at year to date tie financials for july 31st you can see here, again, always a positive note when the charts exceed what was bundled. we bumped $513 million and as of the last

day in july we are at approximately so 3.8% of what we budgeted. we will exceed budgeted revenues for this year. and again not in taking any income that would still be received in august which will be reported next month. we tip to track well below budgeted expenditures at the tune of 78.2 per% so around 22% of budget

authority remains in month 11 of 12. continue to indicate ate 245. when we are looking at the financial statement, again as i have eluded to you can see a total variance represented here in the forecasted bundle and that 1 what i described. we anticipate receiving $26 million more than what was bundled this fy25 year. so it is

a good concept to have more money that be you expected but we want to work on getting that as close to actuals as we can. you can see the break down of where those revenue sources in the financial statement. when you are looking at expenditures for this financial statement we have no significant variances to report to the

board at this time. looking at the additional information and financial documents in the boardth packet you will with a copy of the balance sheet, statement of revenues and expenditures and fund 35 harvey which we have received no funding from the last report at this time as well as the summary of invested function. as you are looking at

close out of fy why 25 we have a cash reserve of $169 million and we will show that change as we move in and start recognizing fy26 numbers based on year end. any of these variances or unbundled items will role into reserves and increase this chart for next time. happy to anticipate or answer any questions that the

board or chancellor might have at this time. thank you. let me pull the board. any questions? thank you. into no. questions vo brett thompson? any questions? no. thank you. appreciate it. board of trustees and accordance with texas open meetings act will move into closed action section 551.071, section 551.072, section 551.0874 and section 551.076 will now move into

closed thank you. i reconvenience this board meeting at 1:37pm. any suggested future agenda items? say none. with no further to discuss this board meeting is now adjourned at 1:37pm.
