good morning. this regular meeting of the lonear college system board of trustees is now called to order at 10:31 a.m. we will now have the pledge of allegiance. i have asked the lonear college foundation uh director nicole goce to give the pledge. i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of america and to the republic

for which it stands, one nation under god, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. you members. i will now do a roll call. trusty salavar is absent. trusty wilson thank you. trusty brousard present. thank you. trusty stolman is absent. trustee mesa here. thank you. trusty mario morio. thank you. trusty vote. trustee kaine present. thank you. and mike

sullivan present. we have a quorum. chancellor castillo. has notice for this meeting been posted? chairman sullivan. i certify that the notice of this meeting has been posted in accordance with the law. thank you very much. the next item on the agenda is public comment. and mr. fraen, board council, before we call anyone up to speak, could you

walk us through process and procedure for presentation and um trustee responses to public speakers, please? sure, chairman. as just as a reminder of the open meetings act, the board is not able to uh respond or engage with public uh speakers, particularly with matters that are not on the agenda. so, you are here to listen to the speakers

and take whatever information they want to provide. uh, but the board is not able to engage in dialogue back and forth with the speakers. uh, to the extent there is factual information that can be provided uh to the speakers, the chancellor's office can handle that after the meeting um as the case may be. thank you very much,

miss barnett. has anyone signed up to offer public comment? yes, chair. we have four public speakers today uh in person with our first one being dr. tafi olanade. okay. and as he makes his way to the podium, i will read this. welcome. in accordance with board policy. each speaker is allowed to speak for up to five minutes.

there is a timer on the podium with lights. when the light turns red, your time has expired. yeah. good morning, sir. good morning. good morning, all of you. uh i will say once again want to see to speak spanish speaking people. uh i came to united states i spo my school in united states like become a doctor

and i told my son you got to go to community college like i did before you go to university. but my son's encounter with dr. karrari was so abusive that i cannot even imagine this situation. when they call me from work when i call i say i am looking for dean for student affairs they directed me to

dr. kerrari. the way he was talking to me i said i do not i said you are not competent for the position you are in i do not even know his qualification. oh, if somebody put dr. kari there to be the ding structure for science, physical science and engineering with a philosophy degree, that is a degree. it

is not qualified. you are killing our children just to pay your own bill. let us put that one aside. all the stuff on the line is not going together. i keep on looking. i told my son, "drop the class." he said, "daddy, i am going to make it because my son, my first son came here to uh

to lone star. you can go and check his record. they exempt him from college algebra when he test. my wife graduated from here because i told him what to do before he got his degree from your he make 220,000 a year. but if you are putting your family to a job they do not qualify for, you are

messing up our children's life. i goes to court. i do not go back. dr. kari abused my son to the extent that after doing a test, he will not he will not see. not he just see the grade. he will not sue the review of the grade. if he lying to you, her recorded i take a picture

of everything. there is no point for me to lie. when my wife came down here, i did not come to you because they had right. but when you do not act right, i have to come to the board because the president or the chancellor may be related to people they put into jobs. so they have the power

to do anything they want. i am not saying that is the assumption. dr. karia bill was out of control. but i am going to say something to you all. all your lawyers. dr. kar violated the federal law. we do not have a federal law no more. it violated the state law of my son's right of school. nobody

should not be exposed to see their examination when they finish is wrong. and that is what even to the extent it they deviated from syllabus when i call the d uh the share oh we have a lot of things doing we change syllabus so many times uh we do not even know we deviated from it he can

appeal as soon as we appeal dr. cannot respond. that is the final grade. but i am going to tell you one thing, you do not deviate. go and look at your section uh go and look at your vg academic appeals uh vg vg13 based on based for academic appeal. you do not deviate from the syllabus. you do

not change the rule of the game in the middle of the game which dr. kari did to fail my son. it is wrong. we are to encourage them to be a better person in life. please help. some of these must be related to dr. car to get that position is not qualified for it. real. you cannot put

a history professor to be in charge of physics. that is wrong. i give them i want to see and we accept the final exam which is compressive and the own work we do 50/50. then before i accept the final exam he did, i want to see whether they manipulate the answers. then anything that come out of it,

that is final. once again, i repeat myself, the classwork 50% and the final exam which is comprehensive 50%. will be my son's grade. i am not going to go further. uh chancellor please look into people you sign for a position that they qualify for it. the share of the maths department in kingwood. he got it does not

have a m it does not have masters only 18 credit hours in in in maths. the teacher that taught my son got a bachelor degree in first degree and he got a mat master art of teaching and in his teaching math he qualify because the law require him to teach for junior college. sir, i am begging you.

if we do not do it right, the future of the children is at stake. do not let these people sit down there and be paying their own bill and our children will be in depth forever. hey, when i came here, i deliver bread for mrs. be for 19 years. and i still went to school, i community college

till i get my you remember nobody knows tomorrow and we say it in spanish. you do not say mayana sir i leave everything i gave it to mrs. fatima how they deviate how everything was done wrong. i gave it to them to give it to you to look at it. the law says they must not deviate and

you must not discriminate. and when next time i come i tell you the reason why you deviate. thank you and god bless you. thank you very much, sir. miss barnett, we have a ne second speaker. yes, our second speaker is dr. john bergdoff here in person. you heard the disclaimer of five minutes. absolutely. okay. thank you. good

morning. i am dr. john bergduff, uh, president of the american federation of teachers here at lonear college. cena da, no days left. monday was the closing session of the 89th texas legislature, and after five months of frenzied activity, the capital in austin now sits quiet. this session saw a dizzying array of legislation and higher education was right

in the spotlight all spring. it is, excuse me, it is going to take some time before all of us can fully take in what all the consequences to lonear will be. so, i will make only some brief and preliminary remarks for now. although there is much critical legislation to comprehend, i am going to focus today on senate

bill 37. sb37 passed its final vote just this past saturday after a number of lastminute changes which most of us, most definitely including myself, have not yet fully digested. this much can be said with certainty. sb37 dramatically shifts decision-making authority in ways higher education has never seen before. respectfully addressing the members of the board, sb37 shifts into

your hands hiring and promotion decisions that have historically been the purview of the administration and curriculum decisions that have historically been in the hands of the faculty. my appeal to you is one that i believe you will agree with. please use your new authority cautiously. rely on the wisdom of administrators and faculty that will be presenting proposals

for you to approve. the work of a college is done in the trenches by the professors in the classes, the staff who support students outside of class, and the administrators who coordinate all of that activity. you are likely to face new pressures from outside sources who have never taught a class or advised a student, but who think

they know how education should be run. stand strong and trust your employees. in return, your employees, especially those of us in the union, will stand strong for you. to the college presidents in the room, i would like to speak on behalf of my siblings who serve on our faculty senates. sb37 gives you the obligation to appoint officers

and members to the faculty senates, upending a long tradition of independence in shared government. with all respect and appreciation for your considerable talents and accomplishments, the collective voice of your faculty is critical to the success of our colleges. and that voice needs to be as clear and bold as it can possibly be. your leadership is strongest when

you listen to voices that ask you the hardest questions. as you are now tasked with these appointments, i'd like to propose a model based on europe's constitutional monarchies. legally, king charles appoints the prime minister of the united kingdom. however, he only has one candidate, the man or woman chosen by his or her peers to take that role.

under british practice and tradition, the king accepts the prime minister the people have chosen through a fair and open election. i hope you will follow that model to preserve the autonomous voice of your faculty as much as possible under this new law. we and our students face many challenges due to decisions made in austin and also washington,

most especially the loss of instate tuition for our daca students. unequivocally, i believe that senate bill 37 is a very unfortunate mistake that will hurt the viability of higher education in texas. what we can control at lonear college is how we handle the dynamics of shifting power. if we do so wisely and prudently, trusting the folks who

do the work every day, we can still be a place where employees thrive and students can get the support they need to achieve their dreams. thank you so much for your kind consideration. thank you very much. miss marett, if you'd call the third speaker, please. okay, this is for sataro o'neil thomas. okay, i am going to read

this while you walk up as a formality. welcome. in accordance with board policy, each speaker is allowed to speak for up to five minutes. there is a timer on the podium with lights. when the light turns red, your time is expired. thank you. please proceed. good morning to the board of trustees of lonear college system, to chancellor

mario castillo and the community. my name is sataro o'neal thomas and i am here as an advocate for my sorority sister, dr. charerelle lster. we serve together in z alpha omega here in houston and i have always known dr. ler to be kind, christian, and a friend. dr. ler is a 25year silver star member of alpha kappa

alpha sorority incorporated. she is a servant leader, a hard worker, and her credibility is unmatched. i have seen charelle present at numerous events locally, regionally, and across this nation. she always does a superior job because she is well prepared. dr. ler is prepared when she teaches a class. she is prepared when sharing information about health and nutrition

because she wants the best for everyone. dr. ler is prepared when we are serving the community, packing backpacks for underprivileged children, and i am sure she is equally prepared here at lonear because that is just who she is. at a conference dr. ler and i attended two years ago in new orleans, i was trying to convince charelle

to stay an extra day so we can get some more beignes. charelle continued to brush her hair back into her ponytail after putting on her work suit and told me without hesitation that she needed to catch the next flight because she had prepared to go to work. our 556 chapter members speak very highly and respect charelle ler.

she is my roommate when we travel and i am never concerned if she is going to pay me for her half of the room because she is honest, reliable, and of course, she is prepared. lonear college, you are blessed to have dr. charelle ler as part of your faculty. i am sure if you add the lonear system,

falcony and students, i am sure everyone here speaks highly of her as we do in alpha kappa alpha sorority and as i do as her friend. thank you for your time. thank you very much. and miss barnett, if you'd announce the fourth and last speaker, please. this is for dr. margie blount. and i will read this again.

welcome. in accordance with board policy, each speaker is allowed to speak for up to five minutes. there is a timer on the podium with lights. when the light turns red, your time is expired. thank you. please proceed. good morning to chancellor castillo and members of the board of trustees and esteemed guest. my name is dr. margie blunt

and i have the honor of serving as presidentelect of the houston lady lions club. i come before you today to speak in support of a truly outstanding leader, dr. charerelle ler. dr. ler currently serves our organization as a membership chair and has recently been elected as vice president. her dedication to service and leadership is not only admirable,

it is transformative. she has touched countless lives in our community through her volunteerism. from supporting youth at the sunshine kids fa facility to uplifting seniors through seniors on the move to providing encouragement for women at the women's home and bringing joy to patients at the md anderson pediatric prom. dr. ler shows up with compassion, purpose, and commitment.

her impact does not stop there. she has organized district-wide lions club events, including the impactful hopeful bags, which provides care and packages to houston's homeless population. additionally, she lends her leadership by serving as a guiding lion, helping to strengthen other clubs in our region. she has been named uh rece recipient of the melvin jones award for in

our lions club. dr. ler is a servant leader in every sense of the word. her work embodies values of integrity, dedication, and excellence that i know that this board holds dear. i urge you to recognize her leadership, her character, her extraordinary contributions that she continued to make both in and beyond the lonear college community. thank you for

your time and your consideration. thank you very much, ma'am. appreciate it. miss barnett, any additional public speakers? no, sir. that is the um last of our public speakers for today. okay. thank you very very much. uh trustees, we will now move on with the agenda. next item number six, approval of the minutes. is now time for approval

of the minutes of the may 1st, 2025 regular meeting. are there any corrections to the minutes? seeing none, there being no corrections, do i have a motion to approve the minutes after motion by trustee wilson. do i have a second? second trust me. yes, sir. oh, vote. i am sorry. pardon me. thank you. trusty vote. have a

motion, a second. we will now take a vote. trustees, when i call your name, please say i, nay, or abstain. uh, trustee salvar is absent. trusty wilson. thank you. trusty brousard. i. thank you. trusty sto is absent. trusty mesa. i. thank you. trusty mario. i. thank you. trusty vote. i. thank you. trusty kaine. i. thank you. trusty

sullivan. i. the motion passes and the minutes are approved. we will now move to section seven, special reports and announcements. chancellor yes, sir. thank you. um, let us start with i think it was last month we had 19 semi finalists um from the jack cook scholarship. i have a really hard time pronouncing that to be honest with

you. um, i wanted to let the board know that we had four winners. so, four finalists. which tied the country for the number one um amount of finalists for mo school. there was only five in texas and four of them um attend lonear college and so um yeah so i just wanted to give you that update. um

we did not want to interrupt their summer vacation with asking them to come to the meeting so that is why they are not here. um also wanted to recognize dr. uh christy vienn who the houston business journal recently named her a cfo award recipient which is awarded to financial leaders in greater houston who have demonstrated exceptional leadership,

strategic vision and financial stewardship within their organization. um and she is going to be recognized along with 30 honores in the inaugural ceremony on july 23rd, 2025. and so we have a table so if you'd like to join us uh to give [music] dr. ven um will be in touch with that. also, we have some um new

additions. we have re for the faculty. we repurposed positions. these are not new positions. um for those of you that do not know, we essentially had two positions that we have now recycled into something else. so, they are not new positions, but they are new human beings um to the chancellor's office. and i want to recognize them.

they work in what is now the office of the board leaison. so, for the public, let me tell you, um, i am going to say this as respectfully and candidly as possible. the board keeps us busy. um, and so there is a lot of requests, there is a lot of oversight, and there is a lot of questions

about the agenda and essentially what we are up to, which is as it should be. so, in order to make sure that um, miss barnett had more than enough help, we have hired or she has hired two new people, and i want to recognize them. so, vanessa reed there is vanessa. hello, vanessa. so, vanessa began on may

16th. she is a former board coordinator for the houston galveston area council. she is a former employee of the city of sugarland commissioner's court in the county judges office. she holds a master's degree in public education and a bachelor's degree in business and christian counseling. uh she recently married, has a 13-year-old daughter, and is active active in

the autism community. so, welcome, vanessa. glad to have you aboard. um, and then the second person is maria angela cordero pinto. um, and she just started three days ago on june 2nd. um, so she is a former employee of spring drag spring branch isd. uh, she worked in community engagement. she is a former employee of florida international

university working in board governance and strategic initiatives. uh she holds a bachelor's degree in public relations, advertising, and applied communications. uh she enjoys cooking, party planning, and gardening. looks forward to owning a farm one day. um all right. and the last person is um we have a new part-time clerk, an intern. um because we pay all of

our interns at lonear college, so we call them part-time clerks. um deliria smith began on june 4th. uh she is a recent graduate of lse houston north victory and victory early college high school, achieving an associate of arts and teaching alongside her high school diploma. so before i keep going, let me tell you where i met deliria.

there she is. let us give her a round of applause. so i met deliria at an event actually that a community member was putting on for me and um they had people sort of coming up and talking about what they wanted to be essentially when they grew up. and deler, i believe you were 16 or 17 at

the time. she said that she wanted to be a community college chancellor. um, and so i said, "all right, well, you are a minor. we cannot hire you until you turn 18, so hit me back up after you are 18." and so, to her credit, uh, as soon as she turned 18, she reached out. and so, she

is our, um, summer intern here. and she intends to enlist in the united states marine corps as soon as she is done with her internship. and again, her aim is to become a community college chancellor. um, she is a volunteer tutor and she volunteers with alan boats. and so, she is on her way. and i can tell

you that one of my dreams is one day be able to say that the chancellor of lonear college is one of its former students. and so, del, you are on your way. thank you for lending us your trust and your labor. it is always really important when young people trust us with their careers and i take that

very seriously. so, those are the recognitions. um, nicole, will you come up please? nicole robinson. and i am calling audibles, too, by the way. i like when the meetings do not are not rehearsed, right? so, when you call audles in the middle of them, um i think they go a little bit more lively. so, we had this

foundation star, gayla, on may 3rd of 2025, and i have this nice little flyer that her office put together. so, we raised $534,994. and i can tell you that before i became chancellor, i am kind of a reclusive hermit and i became chancellor in spite of that. but before i became chancellor, our gayla was really the only

gayla that i went to. now as the chancellor, i go to many gaylas. um i am gay out, right? but i will tell you this, our gayla is so nice and once you start going to other gaylas, it is a little bit like traveling. you kind of appreciate home more. um and so i wanted to recognize the

amazing work that you and your staff do. argala is literally my favorite one and i am not just saying that because i am the chancellor. it is heartwarming. it is touching. people always follow up and give us great feedback about how it runs. so, anything that you would like to add about the gayla that i haven't mentioned?

i think our favorite part this year is we bumped up our student experience and we had a student mc for the first time. we had some really great student performers and so engaging students more will be a goal moving forward to showcase the work. yeah. and if i remember correctly, was not there a donor that was so

impressed with the musical talents of our students from tombball actually that they made a a donation, an unplanned donation or something like that? right. i am going to let you tell it cuz i am going to mess up. there was a donor in the audience who loved the performance. the students uh had just finished their production of

hello dolly and so our guests had a little snippet of that on stage. they loved that so much that they made sure to award a scholarship to every one of the students who performed on that stage for the fall semester and they made a donation to the performing arts program at tombball to thank them for being a

part of it. wow. thank you, nicole, on behalf of the entire institution. thank you, ma'am. and thank you for being a good support about the audible. i appreciate it. all right. um, we also had spring commencements from 810 uh from may 8th uh to may 10th. um, and i am really proud to say last two years ago

we had 11,000 graduates. uh, this year we had 13,000. um, and i will tell you for those of you that missed it, there was also a surprise chancellor uh musical um number at the spanish graduation. yes, folks, i play trumpet for those of you that did not know. and i went down there and i played with the

mariachi and they carried me. i am not gonna lie to you. i played third part. um i was not playing the melody. um but it was great and we had 13,000. so i think that next year we are going to shoot for 15,000 um a 2,000 increase from last so that we can graduate 15,000 students. but they

got to earn it. we are not going to give it to them. they got to earn it. right? because one of the things that i always talk about is if we graduate people and they do not are not successful, then we did not do them a service that they hired us to do. and so, um, yeah, so

that leads directly to dr. vienn's point with hba. that is 2,000 more outcomes than we had the year before. and it is really the ultimate outcome, right? the students graduate um and hopefully they have um they get better jobs. we have junth holiday coming up. um, and tomorrow, actually june, yeah, tomorrow's june 6. so, tomorrow is the

anniversary of the landing at normandy. correct. right. yes. someone confirmed. yes. okay. so, one of the traditions that i started is that we lower the flags. um, so for the board, um, for tomorrow and chief, i am directing you to lower the flags tomorrow in honor of, uh, the landing at normandy. um for all of those american

heroes, really world heroes that gave their lives. um and i cannot really talk about it because then it is such a there is so much honor in that. but anyway, i am going to move on. um junth, we are celebrating from june 19th to uh the 22nd. um and i am tagging along on a junth field trip.

so if the board would like to come, it is next thursday. i am calling so many audles here. um if you are free next thursday, come on down with us. we are going to go down uh to galveastston, i believe. and i have had nothing to do with the planning. i have just been told where to show

up. so, i cannot give you more details, but i believe there is a museum involved and really we are going down there to sort of learn more about what junth is along with students and professors. and then, of course, we have independence day holiday and we do not have a july board meeting. so, please do not show

up in july uh for you will be alone. um and that is all i have chair. thank you. good. thank you. there is a lot going on and we appreciate you being as involved as you are. we will now move on to chancellor's cabinet. lonear college kingwood president melissa gonzalez will be coming up to the podium for

presentation. good morning. i am excited to be here. i am melissa gonzalez, chair sullivan, board of trustees, chancellor castillo, colleagues, guests. it is my honor to be presenting today. i will be sharing the life-changing opportunities lonear college offers in our continuing education division. each of the campuses except online houses welcoming ce offices which make it so easy

for our families in our communities to begin their educational oops. oh, sorry. i will be speaking about of course data looking at data uh talking about our all program and of course we have to talk about success stories achievement events and i am going to recognize the directors but more importantly we are going to talk about what

is ce and i did want to share to you the inaugural certified nursing assisting ceremony that we had back in december at the lsc east aldine center. so, continuing education consists of fasttrack certificates and they lead to a it is a high demand highpaying career. each program includes either an industry recognized certification or a national occupational accreditation.

we also have uh a lot of ce programs that are completed in six months or less. and under the c umbrella, we do have the esol program, high school equivalency, which is a ged program, but also the academy for lifelong learning or the al program. i wanted to share with you over 30 short-term certificates again ranging from

a+ certification to emt to welding to phabbotomy, personal trainer, you name it, we have it. i also wanted to share with you our modes as far as instructional mode for c programs. can see we are face tof face the majority of the ce programs are face toface we have some online at 18% this past year and i

also want to introduce to you the highlex model is a primarily face-to-face class but it offers the students the flexibility to attend online in real time if needing needed so if they are taking care of an ill child or they are not feeling well themselves this ensures students get engaged without missing a class due to unforeseen circumstances

so during the time that they would be attending class face to face, they could go online and take the class and not miss out on the class. so, we are excited to be increasing that number of high flex options for our students. i wanted to show uh to you our enrollment. as you can see, our student enrollment

has been steadily increasing each year and we are still actively enrolling for summer term. so, we are going to see those numbers increase. for our completers, our workforce programs are also growing. uh and i should say steadily uh is maintaining steadily increasing each year and um we are expecting more completers this summer as there is more um

programs being completed this summer. our ged and eso count, as you can see, our numbers have declined primarily due to a reduced grant funding for free esol and ged courses supported by hgac. unfortunately, further funding cuts are anticipated for this coming year. we are working on getting more local funding and scholarships to make up for the reduction

in grants. i also want to share this beautiful quote from one of our esol students from houston north, munami ahmed, who really gives credit to the program for giving her the reading and writing skills she needs. i wanted to share also about our academic academy of lifelong learning which started in lsc montgomery. this program has grown every

year with over 500 classes offered across our campuses and centers. adults aed 50 and over can enjoy unlimited access for over just $25 per year regardless of location. so they can go to any location and it'll be just $25 a year. um, of course, i cannot um end a a presentation without talking about our students. so, i

did want to share with you more student success stories from our campuses and i just highlighting our cma program uh kind of the before and then of course they graduated also in december. again, the inaugural class of clinical medical assistants at east aldine center. all right, we will get started with um lonear college scyfare. we have um

miss khloe lynn. khloe recently began a position in engineering and earned her autocad draftsman certificate to enhance her skills and build confidence in her new role. she is doing great in her new position. and in houston north, i wanted to share with you that uh mr. raphael flores is uh was part of an empowering solar grant program

based at the lsc victory center. this program prepares students for career in the fast growing solar industry, specifically in solar panel installation. with this training, mr. flores is on his way to rewarding an impactful career. representing lonear college kingwood lucto via fa. she is currently in her second year as a dental hygiene student, but her journey began

on campus as a ce dental assisting student. after earning her nationally recognized dental assisting certificate and gaining several years of hands-on experience, she chose to further her education. lucto is not only advancing her uh advancing in our dental hygiene program, she is also part of a special cohort pursuing a bachelor's degree in dental hygiene through a partnership

between lsc and university of north texas. at montgomery and home of the mavericks, we proudly represent chalet shunaman. grateful for the opportunities she has received. chalet supported by her dedicated instructor, miss williams. she is now on her path to a fulfilling career as a clinical medical assisting. at north harris, we have janice gera. she describes her experience

in the certified nursing assistant program as one of the best and expresses deep gratitude for the warm and welcoming environment she encountered. thanks to this experience, janice is now on her way to a rewarding career in the healthc care field. in tombball, we have mr. vincent morrison. he gained the skills and knowledge needed to successfully pass his

certification exam for sterile processing technician. he described his experience as highly positive with convenient access to his to the program and also to nearby clinics. and finally, at university park, we have jamal jaquan james. now, this is a really special program because we partnered with a local nonprofit called petra cares, and we developed a continued education workforce

program called the automotive lubrication technician program. jamal participated in this intensive six-week program that offers both hands-on training and guarantees employment for him and all participants who successfully complete the course. so, as you can see, our programs are truly transforming lives, and these achievements deserve to be celebrated. individual recognition ceremonies are held at lsd kingwood and at

montgomery, but and while other campuses honor their students successes during annual ceremonies. i would also like to recognize the continuing education directors at our campuses along with the program directors who oversee specific ce programs. if you are here with us today or anybody in the ce department, please stand so we could acknowledge you. we also have ce

cataloges for anyone interested in learning more about our offerings or registering for classes. so, would you all stand up? let us give a round of applause to our ce directors. we also have um program directors also here. thank you. so, i just want to show with you the we have cataloges. we we actually do have regular cataloges

uh for our seed programs. so before i share my final thoughts, i want to highlight a recent celebration at the east aldine center just last week. i was not able to get pictures because i had to submit this before. i had the pleasure of inviting today uh the top graduate from our very first bilingual electroc cardiogram monitor

technician or ekg class held at our east aldine center. mariela bedoya, a proud east aldine native and macarthur high school alumni. mariela dedicated saturdays only in a march, april and the early may of this year from 9 to 1 to complete the program. she is now a certified ekg technician ready to begin her career in this growing

healthcare field. mariela, would you please stand so we can recognize your achievement. thank you so much for the opportunity to share life-changing programs available at lonear college through continuing education. today, families no longer need to spend one, two, or even three years to gain skills and knowledge needed to pursue their dreams. many of our programs lead to

nationally recognized credentials in just a few weeks, opening the door to rewarding and fulfilling careers in such a short amount of time. i will leave you with a quote from betsy mendoza, a december 2024 graduate from our very first clinical medical assisting program at the east aldine center where she says that being in the medical field was

something i have always dreamed of since i was little. helping others and being able to make a positive impact on their lives has always been my dream. we are making dreams come true through our ce program. thank you so much. thank you, dr. gonzalez. any questions or comments, trustees? okay, appreciate it. great. yeah, thank you so much.

okay, we will now move to board members, trustees, do you have any special reports or announcements? i will start down on my right if you do not mind and then come in. uh, trusty brousard, any thing to report on or announcements? thank you. trusty vote. trusty wilson. so, um i was able to attend the um the east

aldine ceremony they just had last week and it was really um exciting and inspiring because we were there. there. i was with trusty sadivar and um it was almost standing room only with family and you could just feel the the hope that they had and the love and expression they were it was really it was really really

nice and i appreciate um being able to witness it because families were crying and grandfathers was like smile smile you know they were really excited because they they can see the hope and they can feel the and the inspiration was there and they had the thought and idea like i can do this or i we can do

this and maybe i should you know cuz they even offered um for the families to even come you know just to be a part of lonear and i thought that was awesome because sometimes people do not feel comfortable enough to or they do not feel like they can be a part of something but they see that that

kind of was like a family environment and it was really really special and i appreciate it. so thank you for the environment. those are kind words. thank you trusty mesa. yes. so, i just want to share um my experience at the lonear college tombball graduation. how welcoming everyone was. uh how beautiful the graduation ceremony was out in

the open air. um and obviously the fireworks are really cool as well. and um i guess for me being a new trustee and being fairly young and um presiding uh over some of these commencement ceremonies, it was really uh an incredible experience for me. and i did not realize how um um i do not want to say

taxing, but how sore you can be after standing for many hours and shaking many hands. uh but it was really cool to see, you know, all the smiling faces, the young graduates from the early colleges and then uh our lonear students and then also the spanish language uh ceremony which uh i had even mentioned to the chancellor

how uh amazing it would have been to have had that, you know, when i graduated 10 years ago for my parents, but i am so glad to be able to be a part of it now. and i saw the chancellor's graduation sneakers and i got to hear him play trumpet. uh and so it was just a really

uh amazing experience for me and and i am very grateful to be here and and for everybody's support to our students. thank you so much. thank you. trusty mason, trusty kaine. in a similar way, was able to attend uh several at the berry center, commencement ceremonies at the berry center as well as mo campbell and great events.

um, just want to thank uh the college presidents and all of the people behind the scenes who uh who put those events together and did such a terrific job. thank you, trusty kane. trusty maria also attended several of the uh commencement exercises and uh i as always it is just a incredible way to really feel what we

do here you know and uh the connection with that the the people and families like like you said someone mentioned earlier u my colleague wil trusty wilson about just no matter it never gets old let me say it that way it is always incredible i got to go to king the kingwood. uh you all did a great

great job. um north harris. awesome. and um and the first i did not get to go last year to the uh spanish one. so this to me this this was the first one. uh so i did not know what to expect. um i did not expect our chancellor to play the trumpet. that is for sure. was it

the trumpet? is that the instrument? and i asked him, i said, "uh, do you have any more secrets? any more things, you know, to reveal?" and he says, "stay tuned." so, uh, no. so, i think it was all in good fun. um, i always look forward to it to to the commencements. but, uh, the main thing i

wanted to say, i want to thank um, everyone who played a role and put them together because this is a lot of uh, which one was it? i i carried lights and and went outside and who it was a bachelor's. okay. thank you. yeah, i need i forgot to mention that one. thank you. yeah, that that was

fun as well. so, yeah, just want to commend everyone involved in that and look forward to next time. thanks. thank you, trusty maria. i just have a couple comments. um i attended several graduations as well. it is always fun. it never gets old. i am continuing to work with dr. gonzalez on the kingwood community event and i

encourage my colleagues here to work with your respective uh campus president. make sure that you have the resources you want. uh if you run into budgeting questions, you can direct those to either the chancellor or dr. vienn. but uh dr. gonzalez really looking forward to our event. it is going to be great and appreciate you taking the

lead on it. i have said from the beginning this is her event, not my event. so it is going to be successful because of that. uh so good work and we look forward to it. and then lastly, since we do not meet next month in july, wish everybody a successful summer, take time off, recharge, spend time doing

what you want to do, and uh just get ready for the fall semester because it'll be here before you know it. so, thank you. that is the end of our comments. uh chair. yes, sir. i wonder if i could come back on yes, sir. chair recognizes trustee vote. uh i i i went to uh several of the

graduations and i just had to i have been doing this a long time, but i have got a uh personal best. i got to shake the hands of plus graduates this year and that is my well, let me say i went to montgomery lonear and dr. u. reedart did a fantastic job. i i have to compliment her.

and i think this was the the highest number so far of graduates. is that right? it was 600 plus. what? 620 i think graduates. how many? 625. and it was a a lot of standing, but it was wonderful. and we got to and uh trustee v was there as well. and uh but uh it it was fabulous

to be a part of that and to shake hands with all of those graduates and uh so thank you for letting us be a part of that. thank you trusty brousard and trusty vote. uh next item we are going to do our board committees and a custom that i have started. i am just every month and as

as much to give an opportunity to the committee chairs to talk about their committee. it highlights the work that our committees are doing and will be doing going forward. so i will call on the chair of each committee and you either say what uh any report or you just pass. so audit and finance we have a meeting

scheduled here in the next couple of weeks. i will now call on let us see policy review is chair by uh trustee salivar. she is absent. chair goals and evaluation trustee mario. no report at this point. okay. thank you, trusty mario. uh, grievance is chaired by trusty wilson. okay. thank you, trusty wilson. tr committees on committee. committee

on committees. trusty kaine. the uh enterprise resource planning committee has met and had some preliminary discussions about uh that project. okay. thank you, trusty kaine. community engagement. trusty mesa, no updates at this moment. okay. thank you. technology. uh good time for trust uh excuse me mr. crawl to come forward. we are implementing a new process for committees.

every committee will be given a charge uh so that you do not have to like wake up on wednesday and go what am i going to do with my committee today? uh working with the administration we are coming up with charge of work for each committee. it does not limit what a committee can do. it is a

guide for what your committee work can do. it will also enable the administration to work with committees to accomplish mutual goals and this is a partnership and we can all benefit from it. please sir, i get one as well. thank you. and the first charge we are handing out is for the technology committee and that is chaired

by trustee stom. he is not present. so, i am going to ask miss barnett if you would make sure that trustee stoma is given an electronic comp uh copy of his charge. okay. thank you, trustees. if you have any comments as we move through the committee process, feel free to let me know. uh it needs to be

collaborative and all of us work together and to me to assist where i am able, but also not to get in way. all right. we will now move on to section 8, consideration of the consent agenda. trustees, i'd like to consider action item number 25 separately. this will give us an opportunity to hear the committee's recommendation and

to discuss if needed and then take a roll call vote. are there any items to be pulled for discussion and separate consideration other than item 25? and i will start on the left. trustee mario, any items to pull? yeah, i i am sorry. i just i lost it. the the one about the project, m. uh project, if

you could give me the item number, please. yeah, i will come back to you. yeah, come back to me. okay. trusty kane. i lost. no items. okay. thank you, trusty mesa. no items, sir. thank you very much. trusty brousard, thank you. trusty vote. trusty wilson, thank you. trusty wilson. okay, trusty murio, back on you. yeah, sorry. sorry

about that. take your time. seriously, it always seems longer when you are i would have done and i just did not um i tell you what, i am just going to go ahead and pass. i think okay, i will get follow up on it. thank you. thank you very much. general question. all right, i am going to

ask board council a question. do i need to say items one, two, three, four? oh, can i just say 1 through 24? okay, thank you. okay, trustees, may i have a motion to approve agenda consent agenda items numbers 1 through 24. have a motion by trustee wilson. may i have a second? trusty rousard. any discussion? no discussion.

i will do a roll call vote. trustee salavar is absent. trusty wilson. yes. thank you, trusty wilson. trusty brousard. yes. thank you, trusty brousard. trusty stoma is absent. trusty mesa. hi. thank you, trusty mesa. trusty mario. yes. thank you, trusty mario. trusty vote. i. thank you, trusty vote. trusty kaine, yes. thank you, trusty kaine. uh, trusty sullivan

votes i as well. the items pass unanimously. the item, excuse me, one unanimously. all right, trustees. we are now going to hear the financial report from dr. thank you, trustees. i feel like i have probably shared all the finance stuff we want to hear today, but obviously very important uh for those that did not get to attend

the budget hearing earlier is what i was referring to or workshop. so, um as a reminder, uh the financial statements that you have in your packet are through month end um april 30th. so, uh when we come back in august, you will see uh two months then because right now we are still closing out for uh the

preceding months. uh again the system continues to track revenues uh as expected if not ahead of our projections. and here you can see uh the revenue projections or receipts as uh by category. and we had received f 471 million in total revenue received through uh month end of april. when you are looking at expenditures again we continue

to track uh a little bit down from previous years. we have thus far at the end of april $281 million in total expenditures. um payroll is typically around $92 million to the end of the fiscal year. uh from this point um looking at our accounts, we will probably uh if we continue to trend in this direction, we

will probably have budget authority remaining unspent um from the previous year. but we will be able to give you a better idea of what that is um at the august board meeting and what that looks like. uh when you are looking at it from a year or excuse me month-to-month comparison, uh again our total budget revenue uh

receivables that we anticipate is 513 million which was budgeted and then again we have received almost 92% of that. so again still with uh four months remaining in the fiscal year uh we are well on track to uh reach if not exceed budget uh expectations for revenue and again this is where we were compared to the same

point at month last year. uh looking at expenditures again as forementioned uh we are tracking a little bit down in expenditures to this exact same period. last year we had spent approximately 58 almost 59% of the budget. this year we are tracking about 57% of the budget actually spent. so again slightly lower uh when we are comparing

month over month. uh when we are looking at the financial statement uh i mentioned the variances uh previous months to you. um the variance is totaling about $14.6 million anticipated. um as we discussed at the budget, again do not want to foreshadow. we do expect a new variance um this summer uh which would be student revenues. the

good news is that re that variance is on the positive side to the tune of 5 million. so, we do anticipate around uh 18 to$19 million of variances in the positive direction, if you will. when you are looking at expenditures, uh to date, no significant variances to report. nothing um which is always the good news on the

expenditure side. uh we have $242 million in expenditure uh through month end of april. and again, no significant variances outside of what was anticipated. uh in your financial packet you also have the balance sheet. you have the statement of revenues and expenditures which includes the harvey recovery fund, your balance sheet and the summary of investment funds. um

as indicated we still are uh tracking well above board policy in relation to cash reserves. um holding uh in excess of 169 million in cash reserves uh which is far above the percentage required by board policy. and again, we will continue to track that and have updates in august as to what that might look like uh for

next fiscal year. happy to entertain any questions that the trustees or the chancellor may have. thank you. any questions, trustees? seeing none. thank you very much, dr. it is been a long day for you. been great. thank you. yes, sir. all right. the board of trustees in accordance with the texas open meetings act will move into close

session under one or more of the following provisions. section 551.071. section 551.072, section 551.074, and section 551.076. we now move into close session at 11:30 a.m. good. uh, thank you. the regular meeting is reconvening at 12:42. let the record reflect that trustee miriam salavar is logged on virtually and will be u participating in this vote. may i

have a motion to approve agenda item number 25? so moved. have a motion by excuse me. i am going to call on trusty wilson for the motion please. thank you chair. i move to approve the second amendment amended executive employment agreement between the lonear college system and mario k. castidio and the compensation recommendations of the goals and

evaluation committee pursuant to that agreement. good. trusty maria, would you like to second? second. yes. committee chair, turn that microphone on. so you are on second. thank you. thank you very much. um let me just say that the administrator this this item concerns the contract for renewal contract for the chancellor and the committee and the full board

appreciates the leadership that the chancellor has provided. the results speak for themselves. the goals that he has set for this institution are extraordinary and he is meeting and exceeding those goals. so, chancellor, you have our full support and commitment going forward for us to do everything we can to support you uh help this institution be successful. so,

with that, i will do a roll call vote and before i adjourn, i will ask if anyone has any other comments. um, so i have a motion and a second. any discussion? no discussion. we will do a roll call vote. trustee salavar. i am going to move on. trusty wilson. trusty wilson votes i. trusty brousard yes. trusty

brousard votes stoma is absent. trusty mesa i. trusty mesa votes yes. trusty mario i. trusty mario votes yes. trustee vote i. trusty vote votes yes. trusty kaine i. trusty kane votes yes. trustee salivar. we have lost her. she was right there. um i am going to take a little pause, but we are still in session. heat. oh,

good. trusty salivar, we have called item 25 and we'd like to know if you vote yes, no, or abstain. i vote yes. thank you, trusty salavar. trustee salivar votes yes. i, mike sullivan, vote yes as well. the item passes unanimously. congratulations to the committee once again for their hard work and the chancellor. it is on vote. thank

you. that is all i am going to say or else i may cry. so, thank you trustees. next item on the agenda, suggested future agenda items. any items? see any. with no further business. oh, i am sorry, trusty brousard. excuse me. just that we have that road trip coming up on june 25th, i believe, is out to

the out to the dairy farm. yes. yes, ma'am. okay. correct. no meeting in july. is is is that going to be going to all of the the properties? no, sir. the purpose, in fact, i will let trusty brousard say what the purpose is. it is a specific tour for one purpose. well, it is a to check out

the history and u if it is a historical of of of importance to to the college. so, um, we are going to check out, uh, that location and and it is for all of us, correct? yes. it is, uh, and we are leaving at 9:00, i believe, in the morning. is that right? yes, ma'am. 9:00. and where,

where are we meeting? i cannot remember. here. we are meeting right here. yes. okay. well, okay. we will meet here at this location june 25th. okay. thank you. yes, ma'am. you are welcome. thank you. with no further business to discuss, this board meeting is now adjourned at 12:48 p.m. thank you.
