: good morning, everyone. thank you for being here. before we start this meeting, i just want to make sure if you were not here earlier in our budget workshop meeting, chair sullivan is here, but he had to step out real quick to attend a work matter. so he asked me to take his place for a while. so

if you see him step back in and me getting -- you know, switching seats, you know why. thank you. thank you for your patience. good morning again, this is a regular meeting of the lone star college system board of trustees. it is now come the order at 10:30 a.m. if you could please stand with me for the

pledge of allegiance. i pledge allegiance to the flag of the united states of america. and to the republic for which it stands, one nation, under god, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. i am going to do a roll call real quick just to make sure that we do have quorum, which we do. but i will start

with trustee wilson? : here. : trustee broussard? trustee stoma? trustee meza? trustee murillo? trustee vogt? trustee cain? : here. : and myself. perfect. thank you. chancellor castillo, has the notice of this meeting been posted? : yes, madam chair. i certify that the posting has been done so in accordance with the law. : thank you, sir. next slide

is public comment. do we have anyone signed up for public comment? : yes, we have one public speaker, dr. john bergdof. : hello. good morning. good morning, everyone. i am dr. john bergdof, president of the american federation of teachers at lone star college. in september of 2005, the most powerful hurricane ever recorded in the gulf of mexico

was taking a direct path towards houston. hurricane rita intensified to category five with top winds of 177 miles per hour and she was headed straight towards galveston bay. although she veered away from houston at the last hour, the effects in the golden triangle were devastating. between rain and astronomical storm surge, rita was bad. as bad as rita

was for folks east of us, the worst problem for houston was we overreacted. tens of thousands of people took to the freeways, brings i-45 to a standstill all the way to dallas. why am i recalling this sad story today? since the start of the year, higher education has been experiencing a category five hurricane in the form of

government actions. there are many specific examples i could bring up, but today i want to recall three. the lawsuit from the trump department of justice ending instate tuition for undocumented students. senate bill 37 shuttering faculty senate and creating a new bureaucracy in austin. and senate bill 2615 restricting remote work for higher education employees. all of these action

and others are very bad for lone star college, for our students, and employees. my biggest fear is that the effect can be made worse if our people overreact. the indistrict ruling, for example, does not apply to foreign students on f 1 visas or students with valid work permits. daca students and foreign students with visas as well as

several other categories of students are still eligible for indistrict tuition if they meet indistrict requirements. i absolutely understand the threat that many of these students feel but they do not need to make decisions based on incorrect information about tuition, potentially making their future prospects even worse. sb37 in early drafts included restrictions on the content that faculty teachment

these provisions were stripped out before the bill passed. i have been getting calls from faculty asking if they should quit teaching about unpopular topics, like slavery or segregation or from showing pictures of renaissance art or . i assure them that they do not have to do so and, in fact, they should not back away from the important

information they teach. however i worry that others will silently overcomply with what they think the law as a says and deprive students of the education they need. sb2615 puts limits on remote work for higher education employees but does not end it. lone star's flexible work program which allows for some days working from home and includes accountability measures

should largely pass muster, at least for nonteaching staff. some alterations may be necessary but pulling back on the program would be a needless overreaction. rita may have been less deadly for houstonians if public officials had given out clearer guidance. i believe working together, you on the board, the administration, the union and other interested groups, can send out

the best possible information so that lone star follows the law but our people do not needlessly hurt our students and ourselves by overreacting. thank you so much for your kind attention. : thank you, sir. ms. barnet, do we have anyone else signed up for public comment? : we do not. : no? okay. since we have no other

speakers, we will move on to the approval of the minutes. so colleagues, if you had the opportunity to review the minutes, it is now time to approve them. so approve the minutes of the june 5th, 2025 budget workshop meeting and the june 5th 2025 regular meeting. are there any corrections to the meeting, if you were able to

review them ahead of time? if no corrections, do i hear a motion the approve the minutes? do i hear a second? : second.: okay. there is a motion and a second. can i hear any ayes or yes ?: yes. : okay. and any nays? all right. the motion passes. thank you. next slide is special reports and announcements.

chancellor? : yes, thank you, madam chair. let us start with the events. so i want to start by highlighting dr. vienne was recently recognized, i think it was about a week ago, on july 23rd by the houston business journal for the best cfos in the greater houston area. and it was a great event. and i know several

board members were there, so we look forward to your comments on that. we had three tables there, actually. it was really nice. your colleagues were there, a lot of your team members were there. it was a really nice and it was also a big deal because it was the inaugural one. so i wanted to publicly recognize dr.

vienne again. when one of our employees wins, we all win. so we are very proud of you. would you like to say a few words, dr. vienne? reenact your speech from that day? no? okay. all right. all right, ma'am. fall 2025 convocation is on august 19th from 8:30 to 11:30 at the woodlands water way marriott. and we

are going to do things a little bit differently this year. if you have been there this year and you are, like, been there, done that, it is a new show. we will see what the ratings say. but we are going to at least try something new. it is optional. i want to be very clear about that. i

do not want anyone convocating against their will. the start of the term is on august 25th and so we are going to start the fall term, and then now i want to move to sort of really the main point that i wanted to make today. and i am going to start first, we are going to talk about

this later with regards to the action item number 28, but we have a representative from -- that represents apple in the audience and i want to recognize him. mr. collins is back there. yes. and we are forming a partnership with (inaudible) and indirectly with a apple to as you guys have probably read as recently as yesterday, there

is an announcement that we are going to have several millions of dollars of investment coming right here to our fall brook area in north harris county. and one of the things that i have asked our hopefully new partners and fox con and apple, nvidia and samsung and those folks is all we ask in return is that you

hire our students. that is really sort of the only thing that we have to ask of you. we want to be good neighbors. we want to be good partners. but we would like for you the offer one of those -- most 2500 new jobs to our students here at lone star. and so part of what i told

you, mr. collins, is that at this institution, we believe in the work product that we put out. and i would not ask apple or fox con or anyone else to hire our students if i am not willing to do it myself. and so i want to recognize we have five students right now that work in the chancellor's

office and i am going to go one by one with them and ask them to stand and just talk a little bit about them. i promised them that they would not have to come and give speeches. so let us start with marie h. marie is originally from cameroon and a proud first generation college student studying abroad. planning

to graduate by 2029. she aims to build a career protecting systems and communities from digital threats. she enjoys modeling, spending time with loved ones, and time coding. so there you go, apple. (inaudible) moved from angola to the united states in 2024 and began studies at lone star that fall. he is pursuing engineering -- i get nervous too,

believe it or not -- he is pursuing an engineering degree with plans to transfer to a&m. and you are expecting to graduate in 2026. you aspire to work in the offshore oil industry and travel the world. you enjoy researching global and environmental topics online and playing video games. what type of flicking no, i am just kidding. i

promised no one would have the speak. thank you so much. so jenny is from vietnam and she moved to the united states eight months ago actually with a background in hospitality management. she is pursuing an associate of business at lone star college university park. she plans to transfer to the university of houston and graduate in 2028. she

has a focus on human resources and organizational development. so thank you. brianna earned both a high school diploma and an associate through (inaudible) high and lone star college. she has a molecular biology concentration, i can barely pronounce that, so congratulations. you are graduating in december of 2025. she aims to become a child life specialist to support children's

children and families in hospital settings. she is actively involved in volunteering in hospitals and church leadership. thank you. richard, last but not least is from canada with a background as a full stack software engineer . he aspires to start a software business and sees the degree as a stepping stone toward entrepreneurial roles. he enjoys coding and video

games in free time. thank you, richard. and so the my friends at apple, i practice what i preach, and i expect my partners to do the same. next but not least, i want to introduce new president of the lsc online. come on down, dr. morales. so let me tell you a little bit about dr. morales because he

tends to be very humble and i like to brag. he is the founding president of tcc connect, which is in tarrant county, which serves over 30,000 students. he has over 30 years of teaching. he is the author of more than 50 publications, 125 presentations, and active peer review across multiple continents, directed a college-wide shift to virtual learning

during covid-19. he serves on the ncra , and others recognized as a fry fellow. here you have him, dr. morales, our president of lsc online. : thank you. good morning, chancellor castillo, vice chair saldivar, and members of the board. thank you for that warm introduction. i am truly excited to join lsc and i look forward to working

with all of you to continue building a strong and innovative and supportive environment for both our students, as well as faculty and of course together we will embrace the opportunities ahead and ensure that our college remains a leader in online education. i am excited to learn from you, collaborate with you, and contribute to our shared mission of

student success. so thank you again for the opportunity. : welcome! colleagues, any comments? thank you, sir. welcome. : thank you. : thank you, dr. morales. next is our new vice chancellor of marketing and communications, that is dr. prince. come on down, dr. prince. dr. prince has more than 30 years of experience in strategic planning, media relations, marketing,

journalism, and crisis communications. she began her career in public relations in the marine corps as a writer and photographer and editor. she is been at lone star since 2018 serving in various roles. she holds a doctor of higher education administration from texas tech university and she is been the interim for the last eight months. so we just

knocked off the interim. dr. prince is this. : thank you. good morning, madam vice chair , chancellor castillo, and the rest of the faculty and staff who are here. it is truly an honor and privilege to be intrusted with this role. it is very exciting to work at a place like lone star college system where everyone from

the board to the chancellor to the leadership team works together collaboratively to really be able to transform the lives of our students, their families, and our communities. and it was very easy for me to say yes to being in a role where i get to work with all of this team. it is so rewarding to be a

part of this, and i am excited for the work ahead and grateful for the opportunity. thank you very much. : all right. and the last introduction, i promise, is our new associate vice chancellor of mental health and wellness. dr. stokes, come on down. she is the associate vice chancellor in that position. she has 27 years of clinical

experience and nearly 20 years in college mentality leadership. she is known for her innovative approach to mental health, aligning with lone star college's mission. she led key wellness initiatives with the judd foundation. her background includes work in psychiatric settings. she is a proud mother of three daughters. and so i really want to highlight this part of it.

dr. stokes is a clinician. right? and so she is a mental health doctor. and she has been hired to lead what we hope to be our new internal mental health division for our students and our employees. : thank you to the vice chair, chancellor, and to the board members. i am thrilled to be here. i have had

such a warm welcome from so many of you. i have been able to meet with people from all levels of leadership, as well as our frontline staff. i was sharing with dr. vienne that as soon as i think i know how big lone star s it gets bigger. and then it gets bigger. and so i am still

trying to wrap my head around the magnitude of the system. but people have been very supportive, enthusiastic. i have spoken with folks who have shown commitment in addition to the willingness to be uncomfortable if it means that we can create mental health programming for our students. and give good outcomes to them. and so i appreciate everyone's enthusiasm

as i continue to kind of learn the system and figure out on how we can move forward. i can say that this system has good bones. when i left my former institution, someone said to me on the last day at my sendoff, are not you glad you are getting away from the chaos. and i said well i

am not leaving higher education, so i am not really getting away from the chaos. i am kind of getting new chaos. but the difference here at lone star is that there is heart and energy behind the work. i have seen a real dedication from folks to want to really improve these outcomes for our students, and i am

excited to be a part of building together. thank you. : that concludes my report, madam chair. thank you. our next item is board members, trustees, do you have any special reports or announcements? no? trustee cain? : a couple of items. i had the pleasure of attending the houston business journal's recognition of outgroup cfos in this area and

dr. vienne, congratulations once again for being honored. that was a very nice day. i also had a chance to, this week, attend the dedication of a fire fighter training facility at kingwood college, dr. gons, honoring a former fire fighter, gary lee s. , who was tragically killed putting out a fire. a number of those fire fighters are

on hand. it was a wonderful occasion. : thank you. trustee broussard? : yes, i had the pleasure of attending dr. gonzalez and chair sullivan's community event at kingwood, lone star college kingwood. it was the state of the union event with a lovely luncheon and it was just spectacular. i thoroughly enjoyed it. chair sullivan and i discussed how

nice, and so did trustee wilson, who was also there, how nice it would be for every institution to have such an event as far as the state of the union. anyway, i thoroughly enjoyed it. thank you so much. : trustee wilson? : i have been moving and shaking all over. so first with the positive award ceremony to

recognize our own dr. vienne, i thought that was awesome, and to see how many people that we had actually come out and celebrate her. i believe like support is actually action, and i do believe you felt the action and love and support from the institution. and not only that, lone star was, like, recognized, you know what i

am saying? it was good to see. we had 30 people there, as the chancellor mentioned and it was really nice. so i really appreciate that and the invite. i also attended the state of kingwood with dr. gonzalez and chair sullivan and it was really, really good to see all the information and the growth that they are doing

out there in kingwood. and i am excited for the growth is that you know because we need it. and i appreciate everybody putting their time in and the faculty and staff to make it happen because i know it is a lot that goes behind it but you-all did an awesome job and i appreciate the information. i also

attend, along with former trustee pierce, we attended the lsc tomball special olympics golf they had at top golfment everybody -- it was full. they had the whole bottom part of top golf blocked off for the tournament. everybody that attended placed, first second or third. so i thought it was really amazing. they really did a good job. they

really know what they are doing. and so i was just excited for the -- you know, because that just shows we do not just focus on one type. we focus on everybody. so i really appreciated the invite and i know he is not here, but the coach of the team, he is also the coach of the basketball

team for life skills tomball. and he was just telling me and former trustee pierce that they have the usa special olympics team and he went out of 40 teaches to see if he could be the head coach. and we had three students try o. they did not make it but he made it to be the coach. that

is a big thing to do. that is more recognition for lone star. so people would know who we are and let them know we have good people. strong people that are trying to make a difference in our kids' lives. i also attended the kingwood fire training pavilion dedication for doctor staley and to see that his parents entrusted

us with an endowment for fire fighters and they entrusted us to award scholarships to deserving students. they even had the first student receive funding there, and one who just received funding from there. dr. gonzalez, you did a good job with that. and it was really nice to see the plaque that was going to be put inside the

pavilion. so when the cadets come to take their rest, the plaque is there for them to see it was made possible by this family. so it was great to see on this. and i also attend -- this is my last -- the back to school with dr. wright at positive fall brook and it was an awesome event.

it was so many people. there was a lot of people is there and it was just good to be able to help, along with trustee murillo, trustee meza, to see the people and the excitement. snow cones, corn dogs, hot dogs, all the things. school supplies -- it felt good to get back in the community and help again.

: thank you, trustee wilson. any of my other colleagues? trustee meza? : good morning. i am going to chronological order. so long as my full-time job with al dean, we did a trip to dc. we took 22 young people, students, graduates from our high schools to dc and they got to do the whole tour and see all

the monuments and historical events, learn about them, that have shaped our country. we got to tour the supreme court also, which is a really cool experience. and we also had some students represent and meet with legislative staff. so we got to meet with the staff of senator cornyn, the district 18 staff which as we know the position

is vacant currently. and we actually had a special student, deliria smith who i do not see here, so i am not sure if she is gone off to the marines already, but she attended with us. we are very proud of her. so all that to say i am hopeful that maybe with the program we have here with

our college as far as the engage the elect rat program, i am glad to work with the facilitators of that program to get some students out to dc. i am sure y'all are probably way ahead of that for me. but any way i can help out, i'd like to do that. i am proud of our students. a

lot of our al dean students do end up coming to lone star and i am trying to make sure that i help them and ensure that they get same opportunity that i was given from my counselors at spring isd to come the lone star. secondly i am grateful to the college and chancellor castillo to send me to

the (inaudible) conference. i represented the college in atlanta just a few weeks ago and got to meet with a few people, colleagues of ours in different jurisdictions and positions. it was cool for me, since i am relatively new to this thing. and so i got to get a little bit of coaching and mentoring out there and do

a little bit of elbow rubbing. but it is a really cool experience and i got to meet a few other trustees at other colleges, not just in our area but throughout country and learn about some of the challenges they are facing. attended a really good session such as land use, mental health, other things that concern our community

currently. so i just want to say thank you again for allowing me to go out there and represent the college. and then also lastly, a big shout out to dr. wright for his recent event at fall brook. i know it was hot and you had your staff out there working six, seven days a week. also thank you

to dr. lambert for coming to our back to school event. we had quite a few tables and talked to a lot of lone star alum, including myself. so thank you to all of our presidents for the work that you are doing right now. i know it is crunch time right now to get all of our students enrolled.

so we are very appreciative of all the work you are doing. thank you for that, and we are hopeful for an amazing semester and year. thank you so much. : thank you, trustee meza. trustee murillo? okay. i just want to take this opportunity and thank dr. wright for our back to school event. it was incredibly blessed and

awesome. we served how many students, dr. wright? over 1100 students, y'all. 1100 students for our back to school fair. and we had obviously, you know, their back packs and school supplies. but we also have snow cones, follow up corn, live music. it was a very wonderful event. so i want to publicly thank dr. wright, all your staff.

i know it is -- you know, doing events is a lot of work. so i really appreciate that. and also fall brook church for partnering with us and always being open with lone star college for us to be able to host events there. so thank you fall brook church for doing that for us and dr. wright, thank

you so much. that was a very, very good -- much needed event, as well, as you could see. thank you. : now we move to -- : vice chair, i am so sorry. am i being recognized? i think we may have skipped dr. jones' presentation? : yes, thank you ma'am. yes, i went a little bit ahead of

myself. so i want to go back to item b, which is the presentation. apologies. : i will give y'all a minute to have laptops -- ipads distributed. : well while they distribute the ipads, i will take a second because i forgot to recognize one group of people. i have gotten three or four emails from trustees in the

last two or three weeks commending the office of the chancellor's staff and the board liaison. this is me doing me. a lot of work goes into these meetings for a lot of time the staff in the chancellor's office. it is a weekly labor of love to sort of just set up our meetings. and so just want to

make sure that we publicly recognize them. and another pitch for our students, mr. collins, my chief of staff, my executive assistant and our office manager are all former students of lone star college. and so again, we are very proud of them and really proud of y'all. thank you so much for all the work that you do, mr.

krall, ms. barnett, brooke, everybody that -- nathaniel -- everybody that works on these board meetings. the facilities folks, the ots folks. i personally appreciate it and i can tell you that the board appreciates it because they have gone out of their way too commend all of y'all. so i wanted to publicly thank y'all and apparently it worked

out perfectly while we did whatever is going on behind me here. so thank you, chairman sullivan, for that indulgence. i am done now . : thank you. dr. jones, please proceed. : thank you, sir. good morning, chancellor and board of trustees. lone star college has a legacy of excellence and innovation for the future. picture our first generation

students starting at lsc, unsure of their future and unsure how to get there. but leaving with a degree, a job in their career, and the skills and confidence to thrive. that is the lsc difference we are amplifying today. hopefully. community colleges first open to expand access to higher education. now called community college 1. 0. decades later priorities

evolved to emphasize credential completion or 2.0. and now in recent years, community college 3. 0 was coined by the aspen institute to recognize the additional need for postcollege success. this includes ensuring that our credentials prepare students for high demand, high wage careers and ensuring students cross the finish line to employment in those careers. if this rings a

bell for you with credentials of value and the work of g2 and g5, you are spot on. for lsc, employment readiness, experiential learning and confidence in our graduates is not new. however, we continue to deepen, expand, and innovate new ways in which we support family sustaining careers for our students. many students arrive with financial need as a

barrier. through direct employment and paid internships, we empower them to support themselves and their families, ensuring they can stay and succeed. there are three main ways lsc puts students to work. we employ them directly, as you have heard the chancellor mention this morning, as students and as alumni. we embed real world experience in the curriculum through co-ops,

clinicals, and internships. and we offer a variety of career support services. three of the newest we will highlight in a few minutes, like the timber wolf leaders pictured here, building on a foundation of access and completion, let us dive into how we are supporting postcollege success through direct employment opportunities. both campus and system offices have found ways

to bring students into our teams. not only is their perspective invaluable in shaping our future, but when we are proud of the graduates we produce, there is no greater compliment than to welcome them back as colleagues. the financial aid department has supported student employment through work study initiatives, which include va study and 50 state mentor students this

year. $1. 8 million towards federal work study positions systemwide familiarizes students with professional environments and effectively prepares them for successful careers postgraduation. since 2017, the office of legal affairs and student success has proudly employed more than 50 former lsc students. these students have represented every campus across the system, demonstrating the team's strong connection within the lsc community.

chancellor castillo has carried this practice into the office of the chancellor. so now lsc graduates like nathaniel and brooke are an integral part of that office, too. oles has the potential for seeing in students like pablo. while they are with us, students like jocelyn from houston north can get part-time employment providing critical support to other students or

stay connected over the years, like stephen murphy who started as a student assistant in zero five and became a full-time professor last fall. sometimes student become future employees because one person makes a special connection, as was the case for andrea at north harris. through our online college, students like g abriela learn not only hard skills but also

interpersonal skills. co-ops, clinicals, and internships. these industry partnerships are mutually beneficial, ensuring our courses and programs are a responsive to industry demands. in process technology and instrumentation, robust partnerships create remarkable opportunities. when our students impress their employers, like james don, sometimes we get the double win, as he is now employed and also adjunct faculty. internships can even

place students into the business operations of the college, like ots and college relations teams, who hire student interns to apply their learning in real world operations in the supportive culture of lsc. additional career support from campus and system teams include job fairs, career exploration activities, career star for online connections with employers, and workshops on interview and resume

writing. as we embrace the chancellor's challenge to ensure students are better positioned to thrive, new promising practices have launching. as one lsc, these practices are shared, expanded, and evolving to support the lsc community. three such programs will be featured, but more are always on the way, benefiting students like madison, whose role in student services prepares her as

a future engineer. after launching falcon force in 23, lsc cyfair created the falcon internship program in february 24 to place students in paid internships aligned with their career aspirations but separate from their classes. successful launch required creating new industry connections, now exceeding 150 businesses and developing industry specific training to help students compete. logical 170 students have received

at least one customized coaching session. under the strategic priority to build the campus for career through completion, the opportunity had you been will launch micro-internships, a national association of colleges and employers or nace, competencies aligned pilot for new students, industry field trips, and more. students like daniela are equipped to succeed as a commercial intern for congressman wesley

hunt. lsc university park developed a student communication pathway that evolved from their pain squad of five student content creators. as of june, a formal paid internship program. the new social media marketing internship at up is an intentional career aligned student role developed within up relations. interns contribute to campaign strategy, experience, event planning, and internal marketing while developing

real world skills in communications, pr, and digital content. these experiences not only prepare students like andrea for postcollege careers but strengthen their ties to the college. in its third year, timber wolf leaders provided paid opportunities for student leaders and contributing directly to campus initiatives. notably, two program participants have successfully transferred to roles within college departments. impacting over

13 departments across campus, more than f12 timber wolf leaders have now been integrated into every major division. a hundred percent of these students have not only been retained into the program but have a hundred percent graduation and transfer rates, as well. peyton shared, this experience has helped me not only find my voice but use it with confidence

and purpose. these were not just initiatives. they are transformative proof that lsc students are better off because of us. in a competitive job market, programs like these bridge the gap between education and employment. as the energy around these teams is electric, idea sharing and intercampus collaborations continue with grassroots leading the way. i have compiled the more detailed

students stories into a booklet for each of you, which fatima will share. : thank you very much, dr. jones. before you leave the podium, we will ask for questions. i will start to my right. any questions, comments? no? great job presenting the presentation to us . trustee murillo? : i want to commend you. you presented it extremely

well, and just go get it! thank you. : thank you, trustee murillo. dr. jones. next we will move into committee reports from board members. first let us see, trustees, do we have any special reports or announcements? : i do. : start on my left? okay. trustee stoma? : the committee reports, right? : these are special reports or

announcements. trustee broussard? trustee wilson? okay. thank you. okay. pardon me. now committee reports. trustee stoma? : yes, i want to thank ms. bridgett johnson for furnishing her monthly report to the board, and this is for board eyes only. i know she is not here today and i wish her well and a speedy recovery. she is doing an

excellent job, as well as her team. these reports are important because it allows the board to keep track of what is going on and to be able to ask questions, either to the chancellor or through the board liaison. i have also spoken with the chancellor several times, and having ms. johnson present five or ten minutes at each

board meeting. there are three advantages to doing this. one, it gives the board again an opportunity to ask questions. if there is any proprietary information or questions asked, those can be deferred to private sessions. but it gives visibility also, public transparency, to what we are doing. we are going to spend tens of millions of dollars on the

transformers of these information systems, tens of millions of dollars of public money and they have a right to know where that money is going. so it gives some public transparency to what we are doing here. thirdly, it really helps ms. johnson and her team to know that not only does the chancellor have their support, but the board

has their support. in my 30 plus years of managing programs and projects, i always have a requirement to report to the senior level management, cxo, bps , et cetera, board members. and that is important. it is important to know that they are behind you because any project or program that does not have senior management involvement fails. that

is a matter of research. you can look that one up. so i believe, my opinion, my professional opinion and ms. bridgett johnson and i am going to call out ms. chris williams. she is the cio. the person who gets things done and she is doing an excellent job, as well. and the two of them are the right

people to lead this endeavor. so i encourage them to have time before the board. i encourage them and support them fully. they are the right people for the job. and we need to support them and give them, you know, whatever support we can in any way to help them move this forward because it is not easy. and

they have really not done anything this -- how should i say -- scope, scoping before. and they are very accomplished folks. but still, every project, every program, every transformation is new and they are going to have issues and they are going to need to entrust those issues before the board and we need a good rapport with them.

so again, i want to thank them for their work and encourage them to carry on. that is all i have. : thank you, trustee stoma. as a practice i started a couple months ago, we are going to call on each committee. policy review, chair saldivar? okay. thank you. chancellor goals and evaluation, chair murillo? : not this month.

i will report next month. : yes, sir. thank you very much. grievance committee, chairwoman wilson? okay. thank you. committee on committees, chair cain? okay. thank you. community engagement, chairman meza? : no updates at this time. : finance which is under me is trying to schedule a meeting right now. we will now move to committee charges. it is

something that we started working with the administration on creating a charge for each committee, both ad hoc and standings. mr. krall has the latest work product that has been reviewed by legal, by the administration, and is now being passed out to each trustee. so each trustee will have a charge of all the committee charges being released today.

there are a couple still in progress. thank you. so why you might remember that we did a technology committee previously. so that one is done. included in the packet today is community engagement committee charge. grievance committee, that is chair wilson. policy review committee, committee chair saldivar. and committees on -- excuse me, committee on committees committee charge. that

sounds funny. trustee i know cain. so when you have time, review these. reach out for assistance. and also be mindful that every committee has a staff resource assigned to it. and if you do not remember who that is, mr. krall or ms. barnett will provide that information to you. but i am excited about the committee charges because

i think they are going to give us a sense of direction and priorities that need to be addressed as opposed to trying to come up with something to work on. so i appreciate everyone's indulgence on that. any questions? okay. good. thank you. consideration of the consent agenda. we will now move forward with consideration of our consent agenda.

are there any items that need to be pulled for separate consideration? i will start on my left. trustee murillo? trustee cain? : item 22. : item 22 will be pulled. trustee cain. trustee meza? : no, sir. : trustee saldivar? trustee wilson? and chancellor, i am going to pull item 28 so the administration can address it. all right.

the following items have been pulled from the consent agenda for separate consideration, item 22 and item 28. so may i have a motion for items one through 21 and 23 through 27? trustee wilson motion. may i have a second? trustee saldivar second. any discussion? if not, i will do a roll call vote on the items called. trustee

saldivar? thank you. trustee wilson? trustee broussard? thank you. trustee stoma? trustee meza? trustee cain? and i vote yes as well. the item passes. we will now pull item number 22. could i have a motion for item 22? trustee wilson. thank you. do i have a second? : thank you. and trustee cain, item 22 is yours, sir. :

thank you. in going through the agenda, item 22 really jumped out at me. it is the puente project and it is about expanding the project, which i think is just a great idea. this is a project that is in collaboration with uc berkeley. its focus is on providing enhanced services to educationally unrepresented students, many of whom are

also economically disadvantaged students. it seeks to level the playing field for these students, which is a great thing. it benefits those students, and in a larger sense it benefits everyone. and so i am just totally in support of this program and wanted to see if there was additional information that we could, through the chancellor's office, gain from

that item. : thank you. any comments? : dr. wright, will you come up here, please? : good morning, trustees. we are very excited and want to thank you for the support of the puente program. we are in the process now of expanding university park is on board now. we have two campuses. and it is worked very well.

so tell you what this is about, it is a program that takes an academic and a mentoring model and the focus is on first time college students with specific focus on first generation students. we like it because as you know one of our g2 goals is retention of first year students. and so this is a model that

helps our faculty and our staff to know how to connect. and so there is a couple of ways. there is three different ways in which it supports our students. one, there is a general cohort and the students come through together, taking certain courses like all your english, your speech, your psychology, your arts courses and they work together.

there is another model in which like, for instance, at houston north we have a mentoring model of all first time college students. and so the faculty go through and they are trained on techniques to deal with first generation college students. that alone is about 750 students. and then there are several faculty members who just became certified just

for the purpose of teaching their classes. and to tell you the type of impact that we have had, over the past four years, we now have about 44 faculty and staff members that are certified and have gone through the training. and to tell you a little bit about just the success of it, the cohorts over the past

three years have all had over 90 percent course success rates, meaning a, b, or cs in courses. and to put that in perspective, that is about 12 percent higher this past year than our overall system average. and that is with once again first time in college, first generation, underrepresented students. and it is all about focusing up on

bringing the backgrounds of the students into the classroom where they matter, with everything that they are bringing to it. the content helps the faculty relates to it. the advisers relate to them. so it is been a highly, highly successfully program and i just want to end with this point. it is not an administrator driven program. it is

a faculty driven program. i could tell you some of the first trainings the faculty got together, asked for some funding, and they went through this training themselves. we jumped on the back end and said if you support it, we support it too. so i want to commend the faculty for keeping it alive all this time and look

forward to it continuing to help our g2 goals . : good, trustee cain? good. thank you, dr. wright. any other questions or comments on 22? i will do a roll call vote. trustee saldivar? thank you. trustee wilson? trustee broussard? trustee stoma? trustee meza? trustee murillo? trustee cain? and i vote yes. the item passes. next is item number

28. may i have a motion for item 28? trustee wilson. thank you. may i have a second? trustee saldivar for the seconds. thank you. the administration wanted to comment on this item. : yes, thank you, chair. like i said earlier, this is an ftc application on behalf of fox con, which is a major manufacturer. actually i think

it is pretty much the manufacturer of iphones, ipads, and a whole set of different products for different companies. but primarily the one we have been working with is apple. so most of you have read and heard about this massive investment that apple, along with the trump administration, are making into chip manufacturing, server manufacturing, and really sort of

trying to bring manufacturing back on a big scale to the united states, particularly texas. and it just so happens that the site location for these new proposed factories happen to be in our service area over in our fall brook neighborhood is where these are going to be built. and they are moving at lightning speed. we have met

now twice with both the leaders of what i will call system office fox con and then we also met with the specific center of fox con leaders here recently. and they, if i understood them correctly, they have to be up and running in production essentially by spring. by late spring they have to get going. so they came

to me and said can we push up this ftc application? it was originally supposed to be in september. we pushed it to august because we want to help get them going as quickly as possible. what it means for us, they are projecting at the least 2500 jobs and these are very well paying jobs because one of the

things i have learned in meeting with them is a lot of our jobs in manufacturing went abroad when labor was cheaper abroad. but one of the dynamics that is happening now is that cheap labor abroad is being replaced by robots. and so now they need somebody to essentially engineer the program, to program the robots. and that is

where the local aspect of it comes. and i committed to come to the board with my full endorsement. mr. collins is back there on behalf of apple and they have shown a lot of energy that i have not seen in quite some time from an employer that is willing to partner with us, provide better jobs, family sustaining

wages to our students. so again, i urge you without reservation to please adopt action item number 28 because i think it is the beginning of something that is going to be really special and unique at lone star college for our students. : thank you, chancellor. and to those in the audience with fox con or the contractors, please

know how much we appreciate this. chancellor, if you covered this earlier, i apologize. but i led a course that payment in lieu of taxes and there is also no net loss to the system. : correct. essentially, it is an offset. they still pay what we would get, so we are not letting them off the hook for the

money but the way the money is paid affects considerations for them that really do not affect us. and so that is the reason that for us it is essentially a neutral thing and especially when they have committed to be partners in hiring our students. it is a win. : extraordinary. any comments? trustee meza? : i wanted to

ask because i know we are entering an agreement, with the pilot agreement and then they also have the ftz, the foreign trade zone application, how long does this last for? is this something we have to renew at certain periods of time? : it is a pilot, which means we can jump off at some point -- : (inaudible).

: i am sorry. let me restart. the pilot does not mean at a but yes, there is a point where essentially we can pull it back is my understanding. yes. : the designation would only be for a certain period of time and then they could reapply for it but it is a limited amount of time. : thank

you. sorry to speak over you, chancellor. : that is okay. it is both a capitol p pilot and a lower case p pilot .: any other comments is no. we will do a roll call vote. trustee saldivar? trustee wilson? trustee stoma? trustee meza? trustee vogt absent. trustee cain? sullivan votes yes, the item passes. we now move to

financial report. dr. vienne will come up for round two today. : yes, sir. you get to hear from me again. apologies. so these are the financial statements. just as a reminder to the board, for month ending june 30th. so when you are looking at actual revenues, you can see that state appropriations specifically are tracking down from where

they were in fy24 and that was specifically because the state's payment was delayed to us beyond the june payment when it was expected. we did not actually receive that until july. so even though it is recognized there through june 30th, we have now actually received the final payment but it was not recognized in june. so i do

want to point out that for you. so in june, the check was in the mail. we did finally receive both checks from the state to make us whole for state appropriations. when you are looking at expenditures through month end of the 30th again, we are tracking pretty well where we have been this previous time last year. we

have 345 million in total expenditures of a 513 million-dollar budget through month end of june. so again as you look at that, we are still ahead in revenue. we are at 97. 8 percent of the budget now with receiving the state payment, we actually have competed that. and again we will report more on that next month so

you can see those actual figures. 79. 8 percent though in budgeted revenue had been received through june 30th. and then we are tracking a little bit down in expenditures, which means we spent less this year as compared to the same point in a previous year. so out of the $3,513,000,000,000 budget, we have only spent 83 percent of

that. so we continue to monitor that. so when ere looking at your financial statement, i do want to highlight a couple of variances, many of which i have talked about in the budget workshop. when you are looking at the variance, you can see $3. 4 million variance in tuition. that is to the positive, which means we have

received more in -- we anticipate we will receive more in tuition fees than what we budgeted for to the tune of about 3.4 million. so again, we did recognize that moving forward for this year's budget. state appropriations, there was a delta. that timing between the file and the final run that they did. taxes, we residue 8. 5

million more than anticipated. and then again investments, 4. so again you heard me speak about investments ask recognizing that as actual revenue. you can see why we want to recognize that. it is consistently been recognized the last two years as received. so we have a delta of about $26 million more this year in revenue than what was

budgeted. so all to the betterment of the system. so always good news to report. when you are looks at the financial statements and the expenditures, to date there is no significant variances to report, which just means everything is lining out the way that we anticipated. again, only spending about 70. 3 percent of the expenditure budget to this

point in month ten of a 12 month cycle. in looking at your board binders, you do have additional documents in your documents. and then when you are looking at cash reserves, just to remind everyone, this stays static because it is looking only by definition at a singular point in year. so for fy25, we have 169 in reserves.

we do anticipate that growing for next year, taking into account the additional $26 million that was received i beyond what was budgeted. and this does not include capital projects or the erp. so we do anticipate this growing for next year. any questions from the chair or the board? : trustees? trustee meza? : dr. vienne, i have a

quick question. going back to the increased revenue from tuition, it is closer the 3. 5, right? the million? do we know -- : yeah. : do we know where that came from? : yes, absolutely great question, sir. when we have budgeted, our focus has been on student outcomes and student success. we have taken away the focus on

growth. so both last year and in this year's budget, we are not projecting growth. so we budgeted flat that last year. we are budgeting flat again year. so that was recognizing growth that we received that we did not budget for. so we received additional 3. 4, almost $3. 5 million based on growth. this year we recognized that

growth. we are not budgeting for growth this year, just recognizing that if we stay flat, continue to grow this year, we hope, we would like to. but again the focus is on student graduation and success. then you would also see that variance because it is recognizing the growth that we did not put in the budget. is that

helpful? : definitely. and i know the focus is on retention and of course keeping the students coming back and getting them to graduate but we cannot stop students from enrolling. and they want to enroll. so that is great. : just to offer an operational sort of perspective for that, it goes back to the same dynamic that i

talked about during the budget meeting. if you budget growth, then it gets allocated and you forecast it. and so what happened for the way it used to work is we would budget growth and then when the growth did not happen, then you had to pull back. and so people felt like budget was being cut. and it was

not that. it is the growth estimates were not what we had budget hard baked essentially into the budget. and so just like hb8 money now with enrollments, if we say that we are not focused on enrollments but we budget on it, then that does not align and culturally there is a mismatch between our budget and our strategy.

if we get the money, we will recognize it and then we will spend it. but we do not need to build a budget in my opinion that says we are going to grow x, y, and z. so it has nothing to do with turning people away at the door or students, it has to do with are we

counting on that money and are we counting it in a way that if it does not come true, we are going to have to redo things just like hb8. so it is a student tuition strategy where fundamentally just back to basics, do not spend money you do not have until you have it. and that is fundamentally what

we are doing across all income streams. : thank you, trustee meza. thank you very much, dr. vienne. appreciate it. : thank you. : and before we go in closed session, i apologize. i missed part of the meeting. so i want to thank vice chair saldivar for running both the budget workshop and the meeting. thank you. second, i

missed makes some comments about some activities, so if you could just bear with me a momentful it is been a very active month. i appreciate what everyone here at the board wants to accomplishings the good they want to do and the engagement results from everyone working together. with this said, i want to thank dr. melissa gonzalez and

her team at kingwood. event highlighted the many programs and activities offered and included not just the main campus but the centers, as well. i could feel the energy and interest in the room. afterwards, many guests stayed to mingle, ask questions, and tour. it was great to have y'all there. next item is to recognize lone star college foundation.

earlier this week, lone star college kingwood, they held a ceremony dedicating a fire pavilion to someone who had lost their life fighting a fire. it honored gary staley who lost his life fighting a fire department he was a foundation -- this was a foundation event and would not have been possible without the generosity of the staley family.

to the point take a minute to acknowledge the work that ms. gotye does. she is a consummate professional, always promoting the foundation and the work that it does. in closing, i want to thank trustees wilson and cain for attending event, as well. we will now move into closed session under one or more of the following provisions. section

551. 071, section 551.072. section 551. 074, and section 551.076. : i reconvene this board meeting at 1:43 p.m. are there any suggested future agenda items. looking to my right? any future items? to my left? yes? : whenever we went to dc, a few of us, i had encountered some community colleges that -- and i would look into

how to put this in policy or what their process is, but they have student trustees. at least one student trustee. so going back to the goals of the college as far as community engagement, listening to our students, giving them a seat at the table, i would like to see something next month on the agenda if necessary. if

not -- but i would either way like to see us starting a student trustee program. and if it has to be put on the agenda for board approval, i would like to see ha. and if not and we can still do it, then however we can get it done. that is my approval.: okay. let us give the

administration whatever time they need, if they need a month or two. because we are getting ready to start the fall semester and budget. but good idea. anything? okay with no further business to discuss, this board meeting
